For the icd9_code 1289, diagnoses is Helminthiasis NOS, which can be elaborated as Helminth infection, unspecified. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Scleral operation NEC, which can be elaborated as Other operations on sclera.

For the icd9_code 129, diagnoses is Intestin parasitism NOS, which can be elaborated as Intestinal parasitism, unspecified. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Rem brain pulse generatr, which can be elaborated as Removal of cranial neurostimulator pulse generator.

For the icd9_code 1300, diagnoses is Toxoplasm meningoenceph, which can be elaborated as Meningoencephalitis due to toxoplasmosis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Remove FB lens NOS, which can be elaborated as Removal of foreign body from lens, not otherwise specified.

For the icd9_code 1301, diagnoses is Toxoplasm conjunctivitis, which can be elaborated as Conjunctivitis due to toxoplasmosis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Magnet remove FB lens, which can be elaborated as Removal of foreign body from lens with use of magnet.

For the icd9_code 1302, diagnoses is Toxoplasm chorioretinit, which can be elaborated as Chorioretinitis due to toxoplasmosis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Nonmagnet remove FB lens, which can be elaborated as Removal of foreign body from lens without use of magnet.

For the icd9_code 1319, diagnoses is Trichomoniasis NOS, which can be elaborated as Trichomoniasis, unspecified. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Intracapsul lens ext NEC, which can be elaborated as Other intracapsular extraction of lens.

For the icd9_code 1341, diagnoses is Arthropod infest NEC, which can be elaborated as Other arthropod infestation. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Catarac phacoemuls/aspir, which can be elaborated as Phacoemulsification and aspiration of cataract.

For the icd9_code 1342, diagnoses is Hirudiniasis, which can be elaborated as Hirudiniasis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Post catarac frag/aspir, which can be elaborated as Mechanical phacofragmentation and aspiration of cataract by posterior route.

For the icd9_code 1364, diagnoses is Psorospermiasis, which can be elaborated as Psorospermiasis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is After-catar discission, which can be elaborated as Discission of secondary membrane [after cataract].

For the icd9_code 1365, diagnoses is Sarcosporidiosis, which can be elaborated as Sarcosporidiosis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is After-cataract excision, which can be elaborated as Excision of secondary membrane [after cataract].

For the icd9_code 1369, diagnoses is Infect/parasite dis NOS, which can be elaborated as Unspecified infectious and parasitic diseases. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Cataract extraction NEC, which can be elaborated as Other cataract extraction.

For the icd9_code 1370, diagnoses is Late effect tb, resp/NOS, which can be elaborated as Late effects of respiratory or unspecified tuberculosis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Insert pseudophakos NOS, which can be elaborated as Insertion of pseudophakos, not otherwise specified.

For the icd9_code 1371, diagnoses is Late effect cns TB, which can be elaborated as Late effects of central nervous system tuberculosis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Insert lens at catar ext, which can be elaborated as Insertion of intraocular lens prosthesis at time of cataract extraction, one-stage.

For the icd9_code 1372, diagnoses is Late effect gu TB, which can be elaborated as Late effects of genitourinary tuberculosis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Secondary insert lens, which can be elaborated as Secondary insertion of intraocular lens prosthesis.

For the icd9_code 138, diagnoses is Late effect acute polio, which can be elaborated as Late effects of acute poliomyelitis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Implanted lens removal, which can be elaborated as Removal of implanted lens.

For the icd9_code 1390, diagnoses is Late eff viral encephal, which can be elaborated as Late effects of viral encephalitis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Operation on lens NEC, which can be elaborated as Operation on lens, not elsewhere classified.

For the icd9_code 1391, diagnoses is Late effect of trachoma, which can be elaborated as Late effects of trachoma. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Impl intraoc telesc pros, which can be elaborated as Implantation of intraocular telescope prosthesis.

For the icd9_code 1400, diagnoses is Mal neo upper vermilion, which can be elaborated as Malignant neoplasm of upper lip, vermilion border. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Remov post segmnt FB NOS, which can be elaborated as Removal of foreign body from posterior segment of eye, not otherwise specified.

For the icd9_code 1401, diagnoses is Mal neo lower vermilion, which can be elaborated as Malignant neoplasm of lower lip, vermilion border. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Magnet remov post seg FB, which can be elaborated as Removal of foreign body from posterior segment of eye with use of magnet.

For the icd9_code 1411, diagnoses is Mal neo dorsal tongue, which can be elaborated as Malignant neoplasm of dorsal surface of tongue. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Diagnost vitreous aspir, which can be elaborated as Diagnostic aspiration of vitreous.

For the icd9_code 1419, diagnoses is Malig neo tongue NOS, which can be elaborated as Malignant neoplasm of tongue, unspecified. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Dx proc post seg NEC, which can be elaborated as Other diagnostic procedures on retina, choroid, vitreous, and posterior chamber.

For the icd9_code 1421, diagnoses is Malig neo submandibular, which can be elaborated as Malignant neoplasm of submandibular gland. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Chorioret les diathermy, which can be elaborated as Destruction of chorioretinal lesion by diathermy.

For the icd9_code 1422, diagnoses is Malig neo sublingual, which can be elaborated as Malignant neoplasm of sublingual gland. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Chorioretin les cryother, which can be elaborated as Destruction of chorioretinal lesion by cryotherapy.

For the icd9_code 1429, diagnoses is Mal neo salivary NOS, which can be elaborated as Malignant neoplasm of salivary gland, unspecified. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Chorioret les destr NEC, which can be elaborated as Other destruction of chorioretinal lesion.

For the icd9_code 1431, diagnoses is Malig neo lower gum, which can be elaborated as Malignant neoplasm of lower gum. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Retinal tear diathermy, which can be elaborated as Repair of retinal tear by diathermy.

For the icd9_code 1439, diagnoses is Malig neo gum NOS, which can be elaborated as Malignant neoplasm of gum, unspecified. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Retinal tear repair NEC, which can be elaborated as Other repair of retinal tear.

For the icd9_code 1441, diagnoses is Mal neo lat floor mouth, which can be elaborated as Malignant neoplasm of lateral portion of floor of mouth. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Scleral buckle w implant, which can be elaborated as Scleral buckling with implant.

For the icd9_code 1449, diagnoses is Mal neo mouth floor NOS, which can be elaborated as Malignant neoplasm of floor of mouth, part unspecified. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Scleral buckling NEC, which can be elaborated as Other scleral buckling.

For the icd9_code 1451, diagnoses is Mal neo mouth vestibule, which can be elaborated as Malignant neoplasm of vestibule of mouth. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Detach retina-diathermy, which can be elaborated as Repair of retinal detachment with diathermy.

For the icd9_code 1452, diagnoses is Malig neo hard palate, which can be elaborated as Malignant neoplasm of hard palate. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Detach retina-cryotherap, which can be elaborated as Repair of retinal detachment with cryotherapy.

For the icd9_code 1453, diagnoses is Malig neo soft palate, which can be elaborated as Malignant neoplasm of soft palate. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Detach retina xenon coag, which can be elaborated as Repair of retinal detachment with xenon arc photocoagulation.

For the icd9_code 1454, diagnoses is Malignant neoplasm uvula, which can be elaborated as Malignant neoplasm of uvula. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Detach retina laser coag, which can be elaborated as Repair of retinal detachment with laser photocoagulation.

For the icd9_code 1455, diagnoses is Malignant neo palate NOS, which can be elaborated as Malignant neoplasm of palate, unspecified. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Detach ret photocoag NOS, which can be elaborated as Repair of retinal detachment with photocoagulation of unspecified type.

For the icd9_code 1459, diagnoses is Malig neoplasm mouth NOS, which can be elaborated as Malignant neoplasm of mouth, unspecified. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Repair retina detach NEC, which can be elaborated as Other repair of retinal detachment.

For the icd9_code 1471, diagnoses is Mal neo post nasopharynx, which can be elaborated as Malignant neoplasm of posterior wall of nasopharynx. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Anterior remov vitreous, which can be elaborated as Removal of vitreous, anterior approach.

For the icd9_code 1472, diagnoses is Mal neo lat nasopharynx, which can be elaborated as Malignant neoplasm of lateral wall of nasopharynx. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Vitreous removal NEC, which can be elaborated as Other removal of vitreous.

For the icd9_code 1473, diagnoses is Mal neo ant nasopharynx, which can be elaborated as Malignant neoplasm of anterior wall of nasopharynx. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Anterior mechan vitrect, which can be elaborated as Mechanical vitrectomy by anterior approach.

For the icd9_code 1479, diagnoses is Mal neo nasopharynx NOS, which can be elaborated as Malignant neoplasm of nasopharynx, unspecified site. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Vitreous operation NEC, which can be elaborated as Other operations on vitreous.

For the icd9_code 1481, diagnoses is Mal neo pyriform sinus, which can be elaborated as Malignant neoplasm of pyriform sinus. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Imp epiretinal prosth, which can be elaborated as Implantation of epiretinal visual prosthesis.

For the icd9_code 1482, diagnoses is Mal neo aryepiglott fold, which can be elaborated as Malignant neoplasm of aryepiglottic fold, hypopharyngeal aspect. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Rem epiretinal prosth, which can be elaborated as Removal of epiretinal visual prosthesis.

For the icd9_code 1483, diagnoses is Mal neo post hypopharynx, which can be elaborated as Malignant neoplasm of posterior hypopharyngeal wall. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Rev/repl epiretinal pros, which can be elaborated as Revision or replacement of epiretinal visual prosthesis.

For the icd9_code 1501, diagnoses is Mal neo thoracic esophag, which can be elaborated as Malignant neoplasm of thoracic esophagus. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Extraoc musc-tend biopsy, which can be elaborated as Biopsy of extraocular muscle or tendon.

For the icd9_code 1509, diagnoses is Mal neo esophagus NOS, which can be elaborated as Malignant neoplasm of esophagus, unspecified site. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Extraoc musc dx proc NEC, which can be elaborated as Other diagnostic procedures on extraocular muscles and tendons.

For the icd9_code 1511, diagnoses is Malignant neo pylorus, which can be elaborated as Malignant neoplasm of pylorus. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is One extraoc mus recess, which can be elaborated as Recession of one extraocular muscle.

For the icd9_code 1512, diagnoses is Mal neo pyloric antrum, which can be elaborated as Malignant neoplasm of pyloric antrum. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is 1 extraoc muscl advance, which can be elaborated as Advancement of one extraocular muscle.

For the icd9_code 1513, diagnoses is Mal neo stomach fundus, which can be elaborated as Malignant neoplasm of fundus of stomach. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is 1 extraoc muscl resect, which can be elaborated as Resection of one extraocular muscle.

For the icd9_code 1519, diagnoses is Malig neopl stomach NOS, which can be elaborated as Malignant neoplasm of stomach, unspecified site. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Xtraoc mus op/detach NEC, which can be elaborated as Other operations on one extraocular muscle involving temporary detachment from globe.

For the icd9_code 1521, diagnoses is Malignant neopl jejunum, which can be elaborated as Malignant neoplasm of jejunum. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Lengthen 1 extraoc musc, which can be elaborated as Lengthening procedure on one extraocular muscle.

For the icd9_code 1522, diagnoses is Malignant neoplasm ileum, which can be elaborated as Malignant neoplasm of ileum. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Shorten 1 extraoc musc, which can be elaborated as Shortening procedure on one extraocular muscle.

For the icd9_code 1529, diagnoses is Mal neo small bowel NOS, which can be elaborated as Malignant neoplasm of small intestine, unspecified site. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Op on 1 extraoc musc NEC, which can be elaborated as Other operations on one extraocular muscle.

For the icd9_code 1712, diagnoses is Mal neo soft tissue arm, which can be elaborated as Malignant neoplasm of connective and other soft tissue of upper limb, including shoulder. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Lap indir ing hern-graft, which can be elaborated as Laparoscopic repair of indirect inguinal hernia with graft or prosthesis.

For the icd9_code 1713, diagnoses is Mal neo soft tissue leg, which can be elaborated as Malignant neoplasm of connective and other soft tissue of lower limb, including hip. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Lap ing hern-graft NOS, which can be elaborated as Laparoscopic repair of inguinal hernia with graft or prosthesis, not otherwise specified.

For the icd9_code 1721, diagnoses is Malig melanoma eyelid, which can be elaborated as Malignant melanoma of skin of eyelid, including canthus. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Lap bil dir ing hrn-grft, which can be elaborated as Laparoscopic bilateral repair of direct inguinal hernia with graft or prosthesis.

For the icd9_code 1722, diagnoses is Malig melanoma ear, which can be elaborated as Malignant melanoma of skin of ear and external auditory canal. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Lap bi indir ing hrn-grf, which can be elaborated as Laparoscopic bilateral repair of indirect inguinal hernia with graft or prosthesis.

For the icd9_code 1723, diagnoses is Mal melanom face NEC/NOS, which can be elaborated as Malignant melanoma of skin of other and unspecified parts of face. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Lap bi dr/ind ing hrn-gr, which can be elaborated as Laparoscopic bilateral repair of inguinal hernia, one direct and one indirect, with graft or prosthesis.

For the icd9_code 1724, diagnoses is Mal melanoma scalp/neck, which can be elaborated as Malignant melanoma of skin of scalp and neck. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Lap bil ing hern-grf NOS, which can be elaborated as Laparoscopic bilateral repair of inguinal hernia with graft or prosthesis, not otherwise specified.

For the icd9_code 1601, diagnoses is Malig neo middle ear, which can be elaborated as Malignant neoplasm of auditory tube, middle ear, and mastoid air cells. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Orbitotomy w bone flap, which can be elaborated as Orbitotomy with bone flap.

For the icd9_code 1602, diagnoses is Mal neo maxillary sinus, which can be elaborated as Malignant neoplasm of maxillary sinus. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Orbitotomy w implant, which can be elaborated as Orbitotomy with insertion of orbital implant.

For the icd9_code 1609, diagnoses is Mal neo access sinus NOS, which can be elaborated as Malignant neoplasm of accessory sinus, unspecified. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Orbitotomy NEC, which can be elaborated as Other orbitotomy.

For the icd9_code 1622, diagnoses is Malig neo main bronchus, which can be elaborated as Malignant neoplasm of main bronchus. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Diagnostic asp of orbit, which can be elaborated as Diagnostic aspiration of orbit.

For the icd9_code 1623, diagnoses is Mal neo upper lobe lung, which can be elaborated as Malignant neoplasm of upper lobe, bronchus or lung. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Eyeball & orbit biopsy, which can be elaborated as Biopsy of eyeball and orbit.

For the icd9_code 1629, diagnoses is Mal neo bronch/lung NOS, which can be elaborated as Malignant neoplasm of bronchus and lung, unspecified. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Eyebal/orbit dx proc NEC, which can be elaborated as Other diagnostic procedures on orbit and eyeball.

For the icd9_code 1631, diagnoses is Mal neo visceral pleura, which can be elaborated as Malignant neoplasm of visceral pleura. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Eye evisc w synch implan, which can be elaborated as Removal of ocular contents with synchronous implant into scleral shell.

For the icd9_code 1639, diagnoses is Malig neopl pleura NOS, which can be elaborated as Malignant neoplasm of pleura, unspecified. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Eyeball evisceration NEC, which can be elaborated as Other evisceration of eyeball.

For the icd9_code 1641, diagnoses is Malignant neopl heart, which can be elaborated as Malignant neoplasm of heart. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Eye enuc/implan/musc att, which can be elaborated as Enucleation of eyeball with synchronous implant into Tenon's capsule with attachment of muscles.

For the icd9_code 1642, diagnoses is Mal neo ant mediastinum, which can be elaborated as Malignant neoplasm of anterior mediastinum. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Eye enuc w implant NEC, which can be elaborated as Enucleation of eyeball with other synchronous implant.

For the icd9_code 1649, diagnoses is Mal neo mediastinum NOS, which can be elaborated as Malignant neoplasm of mediastinum, part unspecified. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Eyeball enucleation NEC, which can be elaborated as Other enucleation of eyeball.

For the icd9_code 1659, diagnoses is Mal neo resp system NOS, which can be elaborated as Malignant neoplasm of ill-defined sites within the respiratory system. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Orbital exenteration NEC, which can be elaborated as Other exenteration of orbit.

For the icd9_code 101, diagnoses is Vincent's angina, which can be elaborated as Vincent's angina. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Cisternal puncture, which can be elaborated as Cisternal puncture.

For the icd9_code 101, diagnoses is Vincent's angina, which can be elaborated as Vincent's angina. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Conjunctiva incision NEC, which can be elaborated as Other incision of conjunctiva.

For the icd9_code 1021, diagnoses is Multiple papillomata, which can be elaborated as Multiple papillomata due to yaws and wet crab yaws. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Conjunctival biopsy, which can be elaborated as Biopsy of conjunctiva.

For the icd9_code 1029, diagnoses is Yaws NOS, which can be elaborated as Yaws, unspecified. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Conjunctiva dx proc NEC, which can be elaborated as Other diagnostic procedures on conjunctiva.

For the icd9_code 1031, diagnoses is Pinta intermed lesions, which can be elaborated as Intermediate lesions of pinta. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Excise conjunctiv lesion, which can be elaborated as Excision of lesion or tissue of conjunctiva.

For the icd9_code 1032, diagnoses is Pinta late lesions, which can be elaborated as Late lesions of pinta. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Destruct conjunc les NEC, which can be elaborated as Destruction of lesion of conjunctiva.

For the icd9_code 1033, diagnoses is Pinta mixed lesions, which can be elaborated as Mixed lesions of pinta. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Oth conjunc destruc proc, which can be elaborated as Other destructive procedures on conjunctiva.

For the icd9_code 1049, diagnoses is Spirochetal infect NOS, which can be elaborated as Spirochetal infection, unspecified. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Conjunctivoplasty NEC, which can be elaborated as Other conjunctivoplasty.

For the icd9_code 1121, diagnoses is Candidal vulvovaginitis, which can be elaborated as Candidiasis of vulva and vagina. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Corneal scrape for smear, which can be elaborated as Scraping of cornea for smear or culture.

For the icd9_code 1122, diagnoses is Candidias urogenital NEC, which can be elaborated as Candidiasis of other urogenital sites. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Corneal biopsy, which can be elaborated as Biopsy of cornea.

For the icd9_code 1129, diagnoses is Candidiasis site NOS, which can be elaborated as Candidiasis of unspecified site. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Corneal dx proc NEC, which can be elaborated as Other diagnostic procedures on cornea.

For the icd9_code 1141, diagnoses is Prim cutan coccidioid, which can be elaborated as Primary extrapulmonary coccidioidomycosis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Mech remov cornea epith, which can be elaborated as Mechanical removal of corneal epithelium.

For the icd9_code 1142, diagnoses is Coccidioidal meningitis, which can be elaborated as Coccidioidal meningitis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Thermocaut cornea lesion, which can be elaborated as Thermocauterization of corneal lesion.

For the icd9_code 1143, diagnoses is Progress coccidioid NEC, which can be elaborated as Other forms of progressive coccidioidomycosis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Cryotherap cornea lesion, which can be elaborated as Cryotherapy of corneal lesion.

For the icd9_code 1149, diagnoses is Coccidioidomycosis NOS, which can be elaborated as Coccidioidomycosis, unspecified. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Destruct cornea les NEC, which can be elaborated as Other removal or destruction of corneal lesion.

For the icd9_code 1160, diagnoses is Blastomycosis, which can be elaborated as Blastomycosis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Corneal transplant NOS, which can be elaborated as Corneal transplant, not otherwise specified.

For the icd9_code 1161, diagnoses is Paracoccidioidomycosis, which can be elaborated as Paracoccidioidomycosis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Lam keratplast w autgrft, which can be elaborated as Lamellar keratoplasty with autograft.

For the icd9_code 1162, diagnoses is Lobomycosis, which can be elaborated as Lobomycosis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Lamellar keratoplast NEC, which can be elaborated as Other lamellar keratoplasty.

For the icd9_code 1171, diagnoses is Sporotrichosis, which can be elaborated as Sporotrichosis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Keratomileusis, which can be elaborated as Keratomileusis.

For the icd9_code 1172, diagnoses is Chromoblastomycosis, which can be elaborated as Chromoblastomycosis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Keratophakia, which can be elaborated as Keratophakia.

For the icd9_code 1173, diagnoses is Aspergillosis, which can be elaborated as Aspergillosis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Keratoprosthesis, which can be elaborated as Keratoprosthesis.

For the icd9_code 1174, diagnoses is Mycotic mycetomas, which can be elaborated as Mycotic mycetomas. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Thermokeratoplasty, which can be elaborated as Thermokeratoplasty.

For the icd9_code 1175, diagnoses is Cryptococcosis, which can be elaborated as Cryptococcosis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Radial keratotomy, which can be elaborated as Radial keratotomy.

For the icd9_code 1176, diagnoses is Allescheriosis, which can be elaborated as Allescheriosis [Petriellidosis]. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Epikeratophakia, which can be elaborated as Epikeratophakia.

For the icd9_code 1179, diagnoses is Mycoses NEC & NOS, which can be elaborated as Other and unspecified mycoses. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Cornea reconstruct NEC, which can be elaborated as Other reconstructive and refractive surgery on cornea.

For the icd9_code 118, diagnoses is Opportunistic mycoses, which can be elaborated as Opportunistic mycoses. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Other brain dx procedure, which can be elaborated as Other diagnostic procedures on brain and cerebral meninges.

For the icd9_code 1200, diagnoses is Schistosoma haematobium, which can be elaborated as Schistosomiasis due to schistosoma haematobium. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Remov ant segmnt FB NOS, which can be elaborated as Removal of intraocular foreign body from anterior segment of eye, not otherwise specified.

For the icd9_code 1201, diagnoses is Schistosoma mansoni, which can be elaborated as Schistosomiasis due to schistosoma mansoni. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Magnet remov ant seg FB, which can be elaborated as Removal of intraocular foreign body from anterior segment of eye with use of magnet.

For the icd9_code 1202, diagnoses is Schistosoma japonicum, which can be elaborated as Schistosomiasis due to schistosoma japonicum. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Nonmag remov ant seg FB, which can be elaborated as Removal of intraocular foreign body from anterior segment of eye without use of magnet.

For the icd9_code 1211, diagnoses is Clonorchiasis, which can be elaborated as Clonorchiasis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Iridotomy w transfixion, which can be elaborated as Iridotomy with transfixion.

For the icd9_code 1212, diagnoses is Paragonimiasis, which can be elaborated as Paragonimiasis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Iridotomy NEC, which can be elaborated as Other iridotomy.

For the icd9_code 1213, diagnoses is Fascioliasis, which can be elaborated as Fascioliasis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Prolapsed iris excision, which can be elaborated as Excision of prolapsed iris.

For the icd9_code 1214, diagnoses is Fasciolopsiasis, which can be elaborated as Fasciolopsiasis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Iridectomy NEC, which can be elaborated as Other iridectomy.

For the icd9_code 1221, diagnoses is Echinococc granul lung, which can be elaborated as Echinococcus granulosus infection of lung. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Dx aspirat-ant chamber, which can be elaborated as Diagnostic aspiration of anterior chamber of eye.

For the icd9_code 1222, diagnoses is Echinococc gran thyroid, which can be elaborated as Echinococcus granulosus infection of thyroid. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Iris biopsy, which can be elaborated as Biopsy of iris.

For the icd9_code 1229, diagnoses is Echinococcosis NEC/NOS, which can be elaborated as Echinococcosis, other and unspecified. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Ant segment dx proc NEC, which can be elaborated as Other diagnostic procedures on iris, ciliary body, sclera, and anterior chamber.

For the icd9_code 1231, diagnoses is Cysticercosis, which can be elaborated as Cysticercosis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Goniosynechiae lysis, which can be elaborated as Lysis of goniosynechiae.

For the icd9_code 1232, diagnoses is Taenia saginata infect, which can be elaborated as Taenia saginata infection. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Ant synechia lysis NEC, which can be elaborated as Lysis of other anterior synechiae.

For the icd9_code 1233, diagnoses is Taeniasis NOS, which can be elaborated as Taeniasis, unspecified. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Post synechiae lysis, which can be elaborated as Lysis of posterior synechiae.

For the icd9_code 1234, diagnoses is Diphyllobothrias intest, which can be elaborated as Diphyllobothriasis, intestinal. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Corneovitreal adhesiolys, which can be elaborated as Lysis of corneovitreal adhesions.

For the icd9_code 1235, diagnoses is Sparganosis, which can be elaborated as Sparganosis [larval diphyllobothriasis]. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Coreoplasty, which can be elaborated as Coreoplasty.

For the icd9_code 1239, diagnoses is Cestode infection NOS, which can be elaborated as Cestode infection, unspecified. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Iridoplasty NEC, which can be elaborated as Other iridoplasty.

For the icd9_code 124, diagnoses is Trichinosis, which can be elaborated as Trichinosis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Other craniotomy, which can be elaborated as Other craniotomy.

For the icd9_code 1251, diagnoses is Malayan filariasis, which can be elaborated as Malayan filariasis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Goniopuncture, which can be elaborated as Goniopuncture without goniotomy.

For the icd9_code 1252, diagnoses is Loiasis, which can be elaborated as Loiasis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Goniotomy, which can be elaborated as Goniotomy without goniopuncture.

For the icd9_code 1253, diagnoses is Onchocerciasis, which can be elaborated as Onchocerciasis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Goniotomy w goniopunctur, which can be elaborated as Goniotomy with goniopuncture.

For the icd9_code 1254, diagnoses is Dipetalonemiasis, which can be elaborated as Dipetalonemiasis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Trabeculotomy ab externo, which can be elaborated as Trabeculotomy ab externo.

For the icd9_code 1255, diagnoses is Mansonella ozzardi infec, which can be elaborated as Mansonella ozzardi infection. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Cyclodialysis, which can be elaborated as Cyclodialysis.

For the icd9_code 1259, diagnoses is Filariasis NOS, which can be elaborated as Unspecified filariasis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Facilit intraoc circ NEC, which can be elaborated as Other facilitation of intraocular circulation.

For the icd9_code 1261, diagnoses is Necator Americanus, which can be elaborated as Necatoriasis due to necator americanus. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Trephin sclera w iridect, which can be elaborated as Trephination of sclera with iridectomy.

For the icd9_code 1262, diagnoses is Ancylostoma braziliense, which can be elaborated as Ancylostomiasis due to ancylostoma braziliense. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Thermcaut scler w iridec, which can be elaborated as Thermocauterization of sclera with iridectomy.

For the icd9_code 1263, diagnoses is Ancylostoma ceylanicum, which can be elaborated as Ancylostomiasis due to ancylostoma ceylanicum. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Iridencleisis/iridotasis, which can be elaborated as Iridencleisis and iridotasis.

For the icd9_code 1269, diagnoses is Ancylostomiasis NOS, which can be elaborated as Ancylostomiasis and necatoriasis, unspecified. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Scler fistulizing op NEC, which can be elaborated as Other scleral fistulizing procedure.

For the icd9_code 1271, diagnoses is Anisakiasis, which can be elaborated as Anisakiasis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Cyclodiathermy, which can be elaborated as Cyclodiathermy.

For the icd9_code 1272, diagnoses is Strongyloidiasis, which can be elaborated as Strongyloidiasis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Cyclocryotherapy, which can be elaborated as Cyclocryotherapy.

For the icd9_code 1273, diagnoses is Trichuriasis, which can be elaborated as Trichuriasis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Cyclophotocoagulation, which can be elaborated as Cyclophotocoagulation.

For the icd9_code 1274, diagnoses is Enterobiasis, which can be elaborated as Enterobiasis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Cil body diminution NOS, which can be elaborated as Diminution of ciliary body, not otherwise specified.

For the icd9_code 1279, diagnoses is Intest helminthiasis NOS, which can be elaborated as Intestinal helminthiasis, unspecified. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Glaucoma procedure NEC, which can be elaborated as Other glaucoma procedures.

For the icd9_code 1281, diagnoses is Gnathostomiasis, which can be elaborated as Gnathostomiasis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Suture scleral lacer, which can be elaborated as Suture of laceration of sclera.

For the icd9_code 1288, diagnoses is Helminthiasis NEC, which can be elaborated as Other specified helminthiasis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Sclera reinforcement NEC, which can be elaborated as Other scleral reinforcement.

For the icd9_code 2559, diagnoses is Adrenal disorder NOS, which can be elaborated as Unspecified disorder of adrenal glands. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Repair of tongue NEC, which can be elaborated as Other repair and plastic operations on tongue.

For the icd9_code 2591, diagnoses is Sexual precocity NEC, which can be elaborated as Precocious sexual development and puberty, not elsewhere classified. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Lingual frenotomy, which can be elaborated as Lingual frenotomy.

For the icd9_code 2592, diagnoses is Carcinoid syndrome, which can be elaborated as Carcinoid syndrome. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Lingual frenectomy, which can be elaborated as Lingual frenectomy.

For the icd9_code 2593, diagnoses is Ectopic hormone secr NEC, which can be elaborated as Ectopic hormone secretion, not elsewhere classified. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Lysis of tongue adhesion, which can be elaborated as Lysis of adhesions of tongue.

For the icd9_code 2594, diagnoses is Dwarfism NEC, which can be elaborated as Dwarfism, not elsewhere classified. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Other glossotomy, which can be elaborated as Other glossotomy.

For the icd9_code 2599, diagnoses is Endocrine disorder NOS, which can be elaborated as Unspecified endocrine disorder. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Tongue operation NEC, which can be elaborated as Other operations on tongue.

For the icd9_code 260, diagnoses is Kwashiorkor, which can be elaborated as Kwashiorkor. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Incis salivary glnd/duct, which can be elaborated as Incision of salivary gland or duct.

For the icd9_code 2630, diagnoses is Malnutrition mod degree, which can be elaborated as Malnutrition of moderate degree. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Sialoadenectomy NOS, which can be elaborated as Sialoadenectomy, not otherwise specified.

For the icd9_code 2631, diagnoses is Malnutrition mild degree, which can be elaborated as Malnutrition of mild degree. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Partial sialoadenectomy, which can be elaborated as Partial sialoadenectomy.

For the icd9_code 2632, diagnoses is Arrest devel d/t malnutr, which can be elaborated as Arrested development following protein-calorie malnutrition. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Complete sialoadenectomy, which can be elaborated as Complete sialoadenectomy.

For the icd9_code 2641, diagnoses is Vit A bitot's spot, which can be elaborated as Vitamin A deficiency with conjunctival xerosis and Bitot's spot. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Suture of saliv glnd lac, which can be elaborated as Suture of laceration of salivary gland.

For the icd9_code 2642, diagnoses is Vit A corneal xerosis, which can be elaborated as Vitamin A deficiency with corneal xerosis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Salivary fistula closure, which can be elaborated as Closure of salivary fistula.

For the icd9_code 2649, diagnoses is Vitamin A deficiency NOS, which can be elaborated as Unspecified vitamin A deficiency. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Salivary repair NEC, which can be elaborated as Other repair and plastic operations on salivary gland or duct.

For the icd9_code 2691, diagnoses is Vitamin Deficiency NEC, which can be elaborated as Deficiency of other vitamins. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Salivary duct probing, which can be elaborated as Probing of salivary duct.

For the icd9_code 2699, diagnoses is Nutrition deficiency NOS, which can be elaborated as Unspecified nutritional deficiency. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Salivary operation NEC, which can be elaborated as Other operations on salivary gland or duct.

For the icd9_code 2370, diagnoses is Unc behav neo pituitary, which can be elaborated as Neoplasm of uncertain behavior of pituitary gland and craniopharyngeal duct. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Root canal NOS, which can be elaborated as Root canal, not otherwise specified.

For the icd9_code 2371, diagnoses is Unc behav neo pineal, which can be elaborated as Neoplasm of uncertain behavior of pineal gland. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Root canal w irrigation, which can be elaborated as Root canal therapy with irrigation.

For the icd9_code 2372, diagnoses is Unc behav neo adrenal, which can be elaborated as Neoplasm of uncertain behavior of adrenal gland. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Root canal w apicoectomy, which can be elaborated as Root canal therapy with apicoectomy.

For the icd9_code 2373, diagnoses is Unc behav neo paragang, which can be elaborated as Neoplasm of uncertain behavior of paraganglia. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Apicoectomy, which can be elaborated as Apicoectomy.

For the icd9_code 2411, diagnoses is Nontox multinodul goiter, which can be elaborated as Nontoxic multinodular goiter. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Gum biopsy, which can be elaborated as Biopsy of gum.

For the icd9_code 2419, diagnoses is Nontox nodul goiter NOS, which can be elaborated as Unspecified nontoxic nodular goiter. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Tooth & gum dx proc NEC, which can be elaborated as Other diagnostic procedures on teeth, gums, and alveoli.

For the icd9_code 243, diagnoses is Congenital hypothyroidsm, which can be elaborated as Congenital hypothyroidism. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Remove ventricle shunt, which can be elaborated as Removal of ventricular shunt.

For the icd9_code 1741, diagnoses is Mal neo breast-central, which can be elaborated as Malignant neoplasm of central portion of female breast. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Open robotic assist proc, which can be elaborated as Open robotic assisted procedure.

For the icd9_code 1742, diagnoses is Mal neo breast up-inner, which can be elaborated as Malignant neoplasm of upper-inner quadrant of female breast. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Lap robotic assist proc, which can be elaborated as Laparoscopic robotic assisted procedure.

For the icd9_code 1743, diagnoses is Mal neo breast low-inner, which can be elaborated as Malignant neoplasm of lower-inner quadrant of female breast. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Perc robotic assist proc, which can be elaborated as Percutaneous robotic assisted procedure.

For the icd9_code 1744, diagnoses is Mal neo breast up-outer, which can be elaborated as Malignant neoplasm of upper-outer quadrant of female breast. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Endo robotic assist proc, which can be elaborated as Endoscopic robotic assisted procedure.

For the icd9_code 1745, diagnoses is Mal neo breast low-outer, which can be elaborated as Malignant neoplasm of lower-outer quadrant of female breast. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Thoraco robotic ast proc, which can be elaborated as Thoracoscopic robotic assisted procedure.

For the icd9_code 1749, diagnoses is Malign neopl breast NOS, which can be elaborated as Malignant neoplasm of breast (female), unspecified. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Robotic ast proc NEC/NOS, which can be elaborated as Other and unspecified robotic assisted procedure.

For the icd9_code 1761, diagnoses is Sft tisue - kpsi's srcma, which can be elaborated as Kaposi's sarcoma, soft tissue. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is LITT lesn brain,guidance, which can be elaborated as Laser interstitial thermal therapy [LITT] of lesion or tissue of brain under guidance.

For the icd9_code 1762, diagnoses is Palate - kpsi's sarcoma, which can be elaborated as Kaposi's sarcoma, palate. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is LITT les hd/nck,guidance, which can be elaborated as Laser interstitial thermal therapy [LITT] of lesion or tissue of head and neck under guidance.

For the icd9_code 1763, diagnoses is GI sites - kpsi's srcoma, which can be elaborated as Kaposi's sarcoma, gastrointestinal sites. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is LITT lesn liver,guidance, which can be elaborated as Laser interstitial thermal therapy [LITT] of lesion or tissue of liver under guidance.

For the icd9_code 1769, diagnoses is Kaposi's sarcoma NOS, which can be elaborated as Kaposi's sarcoma, unspecified site. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is LITT lesn, guide oth/NOS, which can be elaborated as Laser interstitial thermal therapy [LITT] of lesion or tissue of other and unspecified site under guidance.

For the icd9_code 1801, diagnoses is Malig neo exocervix, which can be elaborated as Malignant neoplasm of exocervix. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Piercing of ear lobe, which can be elaborated as Piercing of ear lobe.

For the icd9_code 1809, diagnoses is Mal neo cervix uteri NOS, which can be elaborated as Malignant neoplasm of cervix uteri, unspecified site. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is External ear incis NEC, which can be elaborated as Other incision of external ear.

For the icd9_code 1821, diagnoses is Mal neo uterine isthmus, which can be elaborated as Malignant neoplasm of isthmus. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Preauricular sinus excis, which can be elaborated as Excision of preauricular sinus.

For the icd9_code 1839, diagnoses is Mal neo adnexa NOS, which can be elaborated as Malignant neoplasm of uterine adnexa, unspecified site. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Excis external ear NEC, which can be elaborated as Other excision of external ear.

For the icd9_code 185, diagnoses is Malign neopl prostate, which can be elaborated as Malignant neoplasm of prostate. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Correction prominent ear, which can be elaborated as Surgical correction of prominent ear.

For the icd9_code 1871, diagnoses is Malign neopl prepuce, which can be elaborated as Malignant neoplasm of prepuce. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Construction ear auricle, which can be elaborated as Construction of auricle of ear.

For the icd9_code 1872, diagnoses is Malig neo glans penis, which can be elaborated as Malignant neoplasm of glans penis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Reattach amputated ear, which can be elaborated as Reattachment of amputated ear.

For the icd9_code 1879, diagnoses is Mal neo male genital NOS, which can be elaborated as Malignant neoplasm of male genital organ, site unspecified. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Plastic rep ext ear NEC, which can be elaborated as Other plastic repair of external ear.

For the icd9_code 1911, diagnoses is Malig neo frontal lobe, which can be elaborated as Malignant neoplasm of frontal lobe. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Stapedect w replac incus, which can be elaborated as Stapedectomy with incus replacement.

For the icd9_code 1919, diagnoses is Malig neo brain NOS, which can be elaborated as Malignant neoplasm of brain, unspecified. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Stapedectomy NEC, which can be elaborated as Other stapedectomy.

For the icd9_code 1921, diagnoses is Mal neo cerebral mening, which can be elaborated as Malignant neoplasm of cerebral meninges. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Rev stapdec w incus repl, which can be elaborated as Revision of stapedectomy with incus replacement.

For the icd9_code 1929, diagnoses is Mal neo nervous syst NOS, which can be elaborated as Malignant neoplasm of nervous system, part unspecified. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Stapedectomy revis NEC, which can be elaborated as Other revision of stapedectomy.

For the icd9_code 193, diagnoses is Malign neopl thyroid, which can be elaborated as Malignant neoplasm of thyroid gland. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Ossicular chain op NEC, which can be elaborated as Other operations on ossicular chain.

For the icd9_code 1952, diagnoses is Malig neo abdomen, which can be elaborated as Malignant neoplasm of abdomen. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Type 2 tympanoplasty, which can be elaborated as Type II tympanoplasty.

For the icd9_code 1953, diagnoses is Malign neopl pelvis, which can be elaborated as Malignant neoplasm of pelvis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Type 3 tympanoplasty, which can be elaborated as Type III tympanoplasty.

For the icd9_code 1954, diagnoses is Malign neopl arm, which can be elaborated as Malignant neoplasm of upper limb. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Type 4 tympanoplasty, which can be elaborated as Type IV tympanoplasty.

For the icd9_code 1955, diagnoses is Malign neopl leg, which can be elaborated as Malignant neoplasm of lower limb. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Type 5 tympanoplasty, which can be elaborated as Type V tympanoplasty.

For the icd9_code 2764, diagnoses is Mixed acid-base bal dis, which can be elaborated as Mixed acid-base balance disorder. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Insert palatal implant, which can be elaborated as Insertion of palatal implant.

For the icd9_code 2769, diagnoses is Electrolyt/fluid dis NEC, which can be elaborated as Electrolyte and fluid disorders not elsewhere classified. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Oth plastic repair palat, which can be elaborated as Other plastic repair of palate.

For the icd9_code 2771, diagnoses is Dis porphyrin metabolism, which can be elaborated as Disorders of porphyrin metabolism. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Incision of uvula, which can be elaborated as Incision of uvula.

For the icd9_code 2772, diagnoses is Purine/pyrimid dis NEC, which can be elaborated as Other disorders of purine and pyrimidine metabolism. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Excision of uvula, which can be elaborated as Excision of uvula.

For the icd9_code 2779, diagnoses is Metabolism disorder NOS, which can be elaborated as Unspecified disorder of metabolism. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Other uvula operations, which can be elaborated as Other operations on uvula.

For the icd9_code 2792, diagnoses is Combined immunity defic, which can be elaborated as Combined immunity deficiency. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Mouth incision NOS, which can be elaborated as Incision of mouth, unspecified structure.

For the icd9_code 2799, diagnoses is Immune mechanism dis NOS, which can be elaborated as Unspecified disorder of immune mechanism. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Oral cavity ops NEC, which can be elaborated as Other operations on oral cavity.

For the icd9_code 2811, diagnoses is B12 defic anemia NEC, which can be elaborated as Other vitamin B12 deficiency anemia. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Tonsil&adenoid biopsy, which can be elaborated as Biopsy of tonsils and adenoids.

For the icd9_code 2819, diagnoses is Deficiency anemia NOS, which can be elaborated as Unspecified deficiency anemia. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Tonsil&adenoid dx op NEC, which can be elaborated as Other diagnostic procedures on tonsils and adenoids.

For the icd9_code 2100, diagnoses is Benign neoplasm lip, which can be elaborated as Benign neoplasm of lip. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Control of epistaxis NOS, which can be elaborated as Control of epistaxis, not otherwise specified.

For the icd9_code 2101, diagnoses is Benign neoplasm tongue, which can be elaborated as Benign neoplasm of tongue. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Ant nasal pack for epist, which can be elaborated as Control of epistaxis by anterior nasal packing.

For the icd9_code 2102, diagnoses is Ben neo major salivary, which can be elaborated as Benign neoplasm of major salivary glands. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Post nasal pac for epist, which can be elaborated as Control of epistaxis by posterior (and anterior) packing.

For the icd9_code 2103, diagnoses is Benign neo mouth floor, which can be elaborated as Benign neoplasm of floor of mouth. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Cautery to stop epistax, which can be elaborated as Control of epistaxis by cauterization (and packing).

For the icd9_code 2104, diagnoses is Benign neo mouth NEC/NOS, which can be elaborated as Benign neoplasm of other and unspecified parts of mouth. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Ethmoid art ligat-epist, which can be elaborated as Control of epistaxis by ligation of ethmoidal arteries.

For the icd9_code 2105, diagnoses is Benign neoplasm tonsil, which can be elaborated as Benign neoplasm of tonsil. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Max art lig for epistax, which can be elaborated as Control of epistaxis by (transantral) ligation of the maxillary artery.

For the icd9_code 2106, diagnoses is Benign neo oropharyn NEC, which can be elaborated as Benign neoplasm of other parts of oropharynx. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Ext carot art lig-epist, which can be elaborated as Control of epistaxis by ligation of the external carotid artery.

For the icd9_code 2107, diagnoses is Benign neo nasopharynx, which can be elaborated as Benign neoplasm of nasopharynx. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Nasal sept grft-epistax, which can be elaborated as Control of epistaxis by excision of nasal mucosa and skin grafting of septum and lateral nasal wall.

For the icd9_code 2109, diagnoses is Benign neo pharynx NOS, which can be elaborated as Benign neoplasm of pharynx, unspecified. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Epistaxis control NEC, which can be elaborated as Control of epistaxis by other means.

For the icd9_code 2121, diagnoses is Benign neo larynx, which can be elaborated as Benign neoplasm of larynx. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Rhinoscopy, which can be elaborated as Rhinoscopy.

For the icd9_code 2122, diagnoses is Benign neo trachea, which can be elaborated as Benign neoplasm of trachea. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Nasal biopsy, which can be elaborated as Biopsy of nose.

For the icd9_code 2129, diagnoses is Benign neo resp sys NOS, which can be elaborated as Benign neoplasm of respiratory and intrathoracic organs, site unspecified. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Nasal dx proc NEC, which can be elaborated as Other diagnostic procedures on nose.

For the icd9_code 2130, diagnoses is Ben neo skull/face bone, which can be elaborated as Benign neoplasm of bones of skull and face. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Nasal lesion excis NOS, which can be elaborated as Excision or destruction of lesion of nose, not otherwise specified.

For the icd9_code 2131, diagnoses is Ben neo lower jaw bone, which can be elaborated as Benign neoplasm of lower jaw bone. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Intranas les destruction, which can be elaborated as Local excision or destruction of intranasal lesion.

For the icd9_code 2132, diagnoses is Benign neo vertebrae, which can be elaborated as Benign neoplasm of vertebral column, excluding sacrum and coccyx. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Nasal les destruct NEC, which can be elaborated as Local excision or destruction of other lesion of nose.

For the icd9_code 2161, diagnoses is Benign neo skin eyelid, which can be elaborated as Benign neoplasm of eyelid, including canthus. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Diather/cryo turbinectom, which can be elaborated as Turbinectomy by diathermy or cryosurgery.

For the icd9_code 2162, diagnoses is Benign neo skin ear, which can be elaborated as Benign neoplasm of ear and external auditory canal. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Turbinate fracture, which can be elaborated as Fracture of the turbinates.

For the icd9_code 2169, diagnoses is Benign neoplasm skin NOS, which can be elaborated as Benign neoplasm of skin, site unspecified. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Turbinectomy NEC, which can be elaborated as Other turbinectomy.

For the icd9_code 2181, diagnoses is Intramural leiomyoma, which can be elaborated as Intramural leiomyoma of uterus. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Nasal laceration suture, which can be elaborated as Suture of laceration of nose.

For the icd9_code 2182, diagnoses is Subserous leiomyoma, which can be elaborated as Subserous leiomyoma of uterus. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Nasal fistula closure, which can be elaborated as Closure of nasal fistula.

For the icd9_code 2189, diagnoses is Uterine leiomyoma NOS, which can be elaborated as Leiomyoma of uterus, unspecified. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Nasal repair NEC, which can be elaborated as Other repair and plastic operations on nose.

For the icd9_code 2191, diagnoses is Benign neo corpus uteri, which can be elaborated as Benign neoplasm of corpus uteri. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Lysis of nasal adhesions, which can be elaborated as Lysis of adhesions of nose.

For the icd9_code 2199, diagnoses is Benign neo uterus NOS, which can be elaborated as Benign neoplasm of uterus, part unspecified. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Nasal operation NEC, which can be elaborated as Other operations on nose.

For the icd9_code 2211, diagnoses is Benign neoplasm vagina, which can be elaborated as Benign neoplasm of vagina. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Closed nasal sinus bx, which can be elaborated as Closed [endoscopic] [needle] biopsy of nasal sinus.

For the icd9_code 2212, diagnoses is Benign neoplasm vulva, which can be elaborated as Benign neoplasm of vulva. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Open biopsy nasal sinus, which can be elaborated as Open biopsy of nasal sinus.

For the icd9_code 2219, diagnoses is Ben neo fem genital NOS, which can be elaborated as Benign neoplasm of female genital organ, site unspecified. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Nasal sinus dx proc NEC, which can be elaborated as Other diagnostic procedures on nasal sinuses.

For the icd9_code 2231, diagnoses is Benign neo renal pelvis, which can be elaborated as Benign neoplasm of renal pelvis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Radical maxillary antrot, which can be elaborated as Radical maxillary antrotomy.

For the icd9_code 2239, diagnoses is Benign neo urinary NOS, which can be elaborated as Benign neoplasm of urinary organ, site unspecified. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Ext maxillary antrot NEC, which can be elaborated as Other external maxillary antrotomy.

For the icd9_code 2241, diagnoses is Benign neoplasm orbit, which can be elaborated as Benign neoplasm of orbit. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Frontal sinusotomy, which can be elaborated as Frontal sinusotomy.

For the icd9_code 2242, diagnoses is Ben neo lacrimal gland, which can be elaborated as Benign neoplasm of lacrimal gland. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Frontal sinusectomy, which can be elaborated as Frontal sinusectomy.

For the icd9_code 2250, diagnoses is Benign neoplasm brain, which can be elaborated as Benign neoplasm of brain. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Sinusotomy NOS, which can be elaborated as Sinusotomy, not otherwise specified.

For the icd9_code 2251, diagnoses is Benign neo cranial nerve, which can be elaborated as Benign neoplasm of cranial nerves. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Ethmoidotomy, which can be elaborated as Ethmoidotomy.

For the icd9_code 2252, diagnoses is Ben neo cerebr meninges, which can be elaborated as Benign neoplasm of cerebral meninges. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Sphenoidotomy, which can be elaborated as Sphenoidotomy.

For the icd9_code 2253, diagnoses is Benign neo spinal cord, which can be elaborated as Benign neoplasm of spinal cord. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Multiple sinus incision, which can be elaborated as Incision of multiple nasal sinuses.

For the icd9_code 2271, diagnoses is Benign neo parathyroid, which can be elaborated as Benign neoplasm of parathyroid gland. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Nasal sinus fistula clos, which can be elaborated as Closure of nasal sinus fistula.

For the icd9_code 2279, diagnoses is Benign neo endocrine NOS, which can be elaborated as Benign neoplasm of endocrine gland, site unspecified. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Nasal sinus repair NEC, which can be elaborated as Other repair of nasal sinus.

For the icd9_code 2301, diagnoses is Ca in situ esophagus, which can be elaborated as Carcinoma in situ of esophagus. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Deciduous tooth extract, which can be elaborated as Extraction of deciduous tooth.

For the icd9_code 2309, diagnoses is Ca in situ GI NEC/NOS, which can be elaborated as Carcinoma in situ of other and unspecified digestive organs. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Tooth extraction NEC, which can be elaborated as Extraction of other tooth.

For the icd9_code 2311, diagnoses is Ca in situ trachea, which can be elaborated as Carcinoma in situ of trachea. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Residual root removal, which can be elaborated as Removal of residual root.

For the icd9_code 2319, diagnoses is Ca in situ resp sys NOS, which can be elaborated as Carcinoma in situ of respiratory system, part unspecified. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Surg tooth extract NEC, which can be elaborated as Other surgical extraction of tooth.

For the icd9_code 2349, diagnoses is Ca in situ NOS, which can be elaborated as Carcinoma in situ, site unspecified. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Dental restoration NEC, which can be elaborated as Other dental restoration.

For the icd9_code 3009, diagnoses is Nonpsychotic disord NOS, which can be elaborated as Unspecified nonpsychotic mental disorder. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Destruct larynx les NEC, which can be elaborated as Other excision or destruction of lesion or tissue of larynx.

For the icd9_code 3021, diagnoses is Zoophilia, which can be elaborated as Zoophilia. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Epiglottidectomy, which can be elaborated as Epiglottidectomy.

For the icd9_code 3022, diagnoses is Pedophilia, which can be elaborated as Pedophilia. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Vocal cordectomy, which can be elaborated as Vocal cordectomy.

For the icd9_code 3029, diagnoses is Psychosexual dis NOS, which can be elaborated as Unspecified psychosexual disorder. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Other part laryngectomy, which can be elaborated as Other partial laryngectomy.

For the icd9_code 2721, diagnoses is Pure hyperglyceridemia, which can be elaborated as Pure hyperglyceridemia. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Bony palate biopsy, which can be elaborated as Biopsy of bony palate.

For the icd9_code 2722, diagnoses is Mixed hyperlipidemia, which can be elaborated as Mixed hyperlipidemia. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Uvula and soft palate bx, which can be elaborated as Biopsy of uvula and soft palate.

For the icd9_code 2723, diagnoses is Hyperchylomicronemia, which can be elaborated as Hyperchylomicronemia. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Lip biopsy, which can be elaborated as Biopsy of lip.

For the icd9_code 2724, diagnoses is Hyperlipidemia NEC/NOS, which can be elaborated as Other and unspecified hyperlipidemia. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Mouth biopsy NOS, which can be elaborated as Biopsy of mouth, unspecified structure.

For the icd9_code 2729, diagnoses is Lipoid metabol dis NOS, which can be elaborated as Unspecified disorder of lipoid metabolism. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Oral cavity dx proc NEC, which can be elaborated as Other diagnostic procedures on oral cavity.

For the icd9_code 2731, diagnoses is Monoclon paraproteinemia, which can be elaborated as Monoclonal paraproteinemia. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Loc exc bony palate les, which can be elaborated as Local excision or destruction of lesion or tissue of bony palate.

For the icd9_code 2732, diagnoses is Paraproteinemia NEC, which can be elaborated as Other paraproteinemias. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Wide exc bony palate les, which can be elaborated as Wide excision or destruction of lesion or tissue of bony palate.

For the icd9_code 2749, diagnoses is Gout NOS, which can be elaborated as Gout, unspecified. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Excision of mouth NEC, which can be elaborated as Other excision of mouth.

For the icd9_code 2751, diagnoses is Dis copper metabolism, which can be elaborated as Disorders of copper metabolism. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Suture of lip laceration, which can be elaborated as Suture of laceration of lip.

For the icd9_code 2752, diagnoses is Dis magnesium metabolism, which can be elaborated as Disorders of magnesium metabolism. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Suture of mouth lac NEC, which can be elaborated as Suture of laceration of other part of mouth.

For the icd9_code 2753, diagnoses is Dis phosphorus metabol, which can be elaborated as Disorders of phosphorus metabolism. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Closure of mouth fistula, which can be elaborated as Closure of fistula of mouth.

For the icd9_code 2755, diagnoses is Hungry bone syndrome, which can be elaborated as Hungry bone syndrome. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Full-thick grft to mouth, which can be elaborated as Full-thickness skin graft to lip and mouth.

For the icd9_code 2759, diagnoses is Dis mineral metabol NOS, which can be elaborated as Unspecified disorder of mineral metabolism. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Mouth repair NEC, which can be elaborated as Other plastic repair of mouth.

For the icd9_code 2761, diagnoses is Hyposmolality, which can be elaborated as Hyposmolality and/or hyponatremia. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Suture of palate lacerat, which can be elaborated as Suture of laceration of palate.

For the icd9_code 2762, diagnoses is Acidosis, which can be elaborated as Acidosis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Cleft palate correction, which can be elaborated as Correction of cleft palate.

For the icd9_code 2763, diagnoses is Alkalosis, which can be elaborated as Alkalosis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Revis cleft palat repair, which can be elaborated as Revision of cleft palate repair.

For the icd9_code 3481, diagnoses is Anoxic brain damage, which can be elaborated as Anoxic brain damage. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Excise diaphragm lesion, which can be elaborated as Excision of lesion or tissue of diaphragm.

For the icd9_code 3482, diagnoses is Pseudotumor cerebri, which can be elaborated as Benign intracranial hypertension. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Suture diaphragm lacerat, which can be elaborated as Suture of laceration of diaphragm.

For the icd9_code 3484, diagnoses is Compression of brain, which can be elaborated as Compression of brain. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Other diaphragm repair, which can be elaborated as Other repair of diaphragm.

For the icd9_code 3485, diagnoses is Cerebral edema, which can be elaborated as Cerebral edema. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Implant diaphra pacemake, which can be elaborated as Implantation of diaphragmatic pacemaker.

For the icd9_code 3489, diagnoses is Brain condition NOS, which can be elaborated as Unspecified condition of brain. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Diaphragm operation NEC, which can be elaborated as Other operations on diaphragm.

For the icd9_code 3491, diagnoses is Complication cns device, which can be elaborated as Nervous system complications from surgically implanted device. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Thoracentesis, which can be elaborated as Thoracentesis.

For the icd9_code 3492, diagnoses is Disorder of meninges NEC, which can be elaborated as Disorders of meninges, not elsewhere classified. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Inject into thorax cavit, which can be elaborated as Injection into thoracic cavity.

For the icd9_code 3499, diagnoses is Cns disorder NOS, which can be elaborated as Unspecified disorders of nervous system. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Thoracic operation NEC, which can be elaborated as Other operations on thorax.

For the icd9_code 3501, diagnoses is Trigeminal neuralgia, which can be elaborated as Trigeminal neuralgia. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Closed aortic valvotomy, which can be elaborated as Closed heart valvotomy, aortic valve.

For the icd9_code 3502, diagnoses is Atypical face pain, which can be elaborated as Atypical face pain. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Closed mitral valvotomy, which can be elaborated as Closed heart valvotomy, mitral valve.

For the icd9_code 3508, diagnoses is Trigeminal nerve dis NEC, which can be elaborated as Other specified trigeminal nerve disorders. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Trnsapcl repl pulm valve, which can be elaborated as Transapical replacement of pulmonary valve.

For the icd9_code 3509, diagnoses is Trigeminal nerve dis NOS, which can be elaborated as Trigeminal nerve disorder, unspecified. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Endovas repl uns hrt vlv, which can be elaborated as Endovascular replacement of unspecified heart valve.

For the icd9_code 3510, diagnoses is Bell's palsy, which can be elaborated as Bell's palsy. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Open valvuloplasty NOS, which can be elaborated as Open heart valvuloplasty without replacement, unspecified valve.

For the icd9_code 3511, diagnoses is Geniculate ganglionitis, which can be elaborated as Geniculate ganglionitis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Opn aortic valvuloplasty, which can be elaborated as Open heart valvuloplasty of aortic valve without replacement.

For the icd9_code 3520, diagnoses is Olfactory nerve disorder, which can be elaborated as Disorders of olfactory (1st) nerve. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Opn/oth rep hrt vlv NOS, which can be elaborated as Open and other replacement of unspecified heart valve.

For the icd9_code 3521, diagnoses is Glossopharyng neuralgia, which can be elaborated as Glossopharyngeal neuralgia. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Opn/oth rep aort vlv-tis, which can be elaborated as Open and other replacement of aortic valve with tissue graft.

For the icd9_code 3522, diagnoses is Glossophar nerve dis NEC, which can be elaborated as Other disorders of glossopharyngeal [9th] nerve. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Opn/oth rep aortic valve, which can be elaborated as Open and other replacement of aortic valve.

For the icd9_code 3452, diagnoses is Petit mal status, which can be elaborated as Petit mal status. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Thoracoscopc decort lung, which can be elaborated as Thoracoscopic decortication of lung.

For the icd9_code 311, diagnoses is Depressive disorder NEC, which can be elaborated as Depressive disorder, not elsewhere classified. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Temporary tracheostomy, which can be elaborated as Temporary tracheostomy.

For the icd9_code 3129, diagnoses is Conduct disturbance NOS, which can be elaborated as Unspecified disturbance of conduct. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Other perm tracheostomy, which can be elaborated as Other permanent tracheostomy.

For the icd9_code 3141, diagnoses is Hyperkinet w devel delay, which can be elaborated as Hyperkinesis with developmental delay. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Tracheoscopy thru stoma, which can be elaborated as Tracheoscopy through artificial stoma.

For the icd9_code 3142, diagnoses is Hyperkinetic conduct dis, which can be elaborated as Hyperkinetic conduct disorder. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Larygnoscopy/tracheoscop, which can be elaborated as Laryngoscopy and other tracheoscopy.

For the icd9_code 3148, diagnoses is Other hyperkinetic synd, which can be elaborated as Other specified manifestations of hyperkinetic syndrome. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Oth larynx dx procedure, which can be elaborated as Other diagnostic procedures on larynx.

For the icd9_code 3149, diagnoses is Hyperkinetic synd NOS, which can be elaborated as Unspecified hyperkinetic syndrome. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Oth trachea dx procedure, which can be elaborated as Other diagnostic procedures on trachea.

For the icd9_code 3201, diagnoses is Pneumococcal meningitis, which can be elaborated as Pneumococcal meningitis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Endosc destruc bronc les, which can be elaborated as Endoscopic excision or destruction of lesion or tissue of bronchus.

For the icd9_code 3209, diagnoses is Bacterial meningitis NOS, which can be elaborated as Meningitis due to unspecified bacterium. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Other destruc bronc les, which can be elaborated as Other local excision or destruction of lesion or tissue of bronchus.

For the icd9_code 3220, diagnoses is Nonpyogenic meningitis, which can be elaborated as Nonpyogenic meningitis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Thorac exc lung lesion, which can be elaborated as Thoracoscopic excision of lesion or tissue of lung.

For the icd9_code 3221, diagnoses is Eosinophilic meningitis, which can be elaborated as Eosinophilic meningitis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Emphysema bleb plication, which can be elaborated as Plication of emphysematous bleb.

For the icd9_code 3222, diagnoses is Chronic meningitis, which can be elaborated as Chronic meningitis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Lung vol reduction surg, which can be elaborated as Lung volume reduction surgery.

For the icd9_code 3229, diagnoses is Meningitis NOS, which can be elaborated as Meningitis, unspecified. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Destroy loc lung les NEC, which can be elaborated as Other local excision or destruction of lesion or tissue of lung.

For the icd9_code 3239, diagnoses is Encephalitis NOS, which can be elaborated as Unspecified causes of encephalitis, myelitis, and encephalomyelitis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Oth seg lung resect NOS, which can be elaborated as Other and unspecified segmental resection of lung.

For the icd9_code 3241, diagnoses is Intraspinal abscess, which can be elaborated as Intraspinal abscess. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Thorac lobectomy lung, which can be elaborated as Thoracoscopic lobectomy of lung.

For the icd9_code 3249, diagnoses is Cns abscess NOS, which can be elaborated as Intracranial and intraspinal abscess of unspecified site. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Lobectomy of lung NEC, which can be elaborated as Other lobectomy of lung.

For the icd9_code 326, diagnoses is Late eff cns abscess, which can be elaborated as Late effects of intracranial abscess or pyogenic infection. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Rad dissec thorac struct, which can be elaborated as Radical dissection of thoracic structures.

For the icd9_code 2891, diagnoses is Chronic lymphadenitis, which can be elaborated as Chronic lymphadenitis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Incis to remov tonsil FB, which can be elaborated as Removal of foreign body from tonsil and adenoid by incision.

For the icd9_code 2892, diagnoses is Mesenteric lymphadenitis, which can be elaborated as Nonspecific mesenteric lymphadenitis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Excis tonsil/adenoid les, which can be elaborated as Excision of lesion of tonsil and adenoid.

For the icd9_code 2899, diagnoses is Blood disease NOS, which can be elaborated as Unspecified diseases of blood and blood-forming organs. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Tonsil/adenoid ops NEC, which can be elaborated as Other operations on tonsils and adenoids.

For the icd9_code 2911, diagnoses is Alcohol amnestic disordr, which can be elaborated as Alcohol-induced persisting amnestic disorder. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Pharyngoscopy, which can be elaborated as Pharyngoscopy.

For the icd9_code 2912, diagnoses is Alcohol persist dementia, which can be elaborated as Alcohol-induced persisting dementia. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Pharyngeal biopsy, which can be elaborated as Pharyngeal biopsy.

For the icd9_code 2919, diagnoses is Alcohol mental disor NOS, which can be elaborated as Unspecified alcohol-induced mental disorders. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Pharyngeal dx proc NEC, which can be elaborated as Other diagnostic procedures on pharynx.

For the icd9_code 2931, diagnoses is Subacute delirium, which can be elaborated as Subacute delirium. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Cricopharyngeal myotomy, which can be elaborated as Cricopharyngeal myotomy.

For the icd9_code 2939, diagnoses is Transient mental dis NOS, which can be elaborated as Unspecified transient mental disorder in conditions classified elsewhere. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Excis/destr les phar NEC, which can be elaborated as Other excision or destruction of lesion or tissue of pharynx.

For the icd9_code 3321, diagnoses is Secondary parkinsonism, which can be elaborated as Secondary parkinsonism. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Bronchoscopy thru stoma, which can be elaborated as Bronchoscopy through artificial stoma.

For the icd9_code 3331, diagnoses is Tremor NEC, which can be elaborated as Essential and other specified forms of tremor. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Destr phren-lung collaps, which can be elaborated as Destruction of phrenic nerve for collapse of lung.

For the icd9_code 3332, diagnoses is Myoclonus, which can be elaborated as Myoclonus. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Pnemothorax-lung collaps, which can be elaborated as Artificial pneumothorax for collapse of lung.

For the icd9_code 3333, diagnoses is Tics of organic origin, which can be elaborated as Tics of organic origin. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Pneumoperit-lung collaps, which can be elaborated as Pneumoperitoneum for collapse of lung.

For the icd9_code 3334, diagnoses is Huntington's chorea, which can be elaborated as Huntington's chorea. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Thoracoplasty, which can be elaborated as Thoracoplasty.

For the icd9_code 3341, diagnoses is Hered spastic paraplegia, which can be elaborated as Hereditary spastic paraplegia. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Bronchial lacerat suture, which can be elaborated as Suture of laceration of bronchus.

For the icd9_code 3342, diagnoses is Primary cerebellar degen, which can be elaborated as Primary cerebellar degeneration. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Bronchial fistula clos, which can be elaborated as Closure of bronchial fistula.

For the icd9_code 3343, diagnoses is Cerebellar ataxia NEC, which can be elaborated as Other cerebellar ataxia. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Lung laceration closure, which can be elaborated as Closure of laceration of lung.

For the icd9_code 3348, diagnoses is Spinocerebellar dis NEC, which can be elaborated as Other spinocerebellar diseases. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Bronchial repair NEC, which can be elaborated as Other repair and plastic operations on bronchus.

For the icd9_code 3349, diagnoses is Spinocerebellar dis NOS, which can be elaborated as Spinocerebellar disease, unspecified. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Lung repair NEC, which can be elaborated as Other repair and plastic operations on lung.

For the icd9_code 3350, diagnoses is Werdnig-hoffmann disease, which can be elaborated as Werdnig-Hoffmann disease. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Lung transplant NOS, which can be elaborated as Lung transplantation, not otherwise specified.

For the icd9_code 3371, diagnoses is Aut neuropthy in oth dis, which can be elaborated as Peripheral autonomic neuropathy in disorders classified elsewhere. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Endo ins/re bron val,one, which can be elaborated as Endoscopic insertion or replacement of bronchial valve(s), single lobe.

For the icd9_code 3373, diagnoses is Autonomic dysreflexia, which can be elaborated as Autonomic dysreflexia. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Endo ins/re brnc val,mul, which can be elaborated as Endoscopic insertion or replacement of bronchial valve(s), multiple lobes.

For the icd9_code 3379, diagnoses is Autonomic nerve dis NEC, which can be elaborated as Unspecified disorder of autonomic nervous system. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Endo insrt bronc def/sub, which can be elaborated as Endoscopic insertion of other bronchial device or substances.

For the icd9_code 3393, diagnoses is Drug induce headache NEC, which can be elaborated as Drug induced headache, not elsewhere classified. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Puncture of lung, which can be elaborated as Puncture of lung.

For the icd9_code 3804, diagnoses is Impacted cerumen, which can be elaborated as Impacted cerumen. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Incision of aorta, which can be elaborated as Incision of vessel, aorta.

For the icd9_code 3809, diagnoses is Dis external ear NOS, which can be elaborated as Unspecified disorder of external ear. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Lower limb vein incision, which can be elaborated as Incision of vessel, lower limb veins.

For the icd9_code 3813, diagnoses is Chr nonsup OM NOS/NEC, which can be elaborated as Other and unspecified chronic nonsuppurative otitis media. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Upper limb endarterectom, which can be elaborated as Endarterectomy, upper limb vessels.

For the icd9_code 3814, diagnoses is Nonsupp otitis media NOS, which can be elaborated as Nonsuppurative otitis media, not specified as acute or chronic. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Endarterectomy of aorta, which can be elaborated as Endarterectomy, aorta.

For the icd9_code 3821, diagnoses is Chr tubotympan suppur OM, which can be elaborated as Chronic tubotympanic suppurative otitis media. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Blood vessel biopsy, which can be elaborated as Biopsy of blood vessel.

For the icd9_code 3822, diagnoses is Chr atticoantral sup OM, which can be elaborated as Chronic atticoantral suppurative otitis media. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Percutaneous angioscopy, which can be elaborated as Percutaneous angioscopy.

For the icd9_code 3823, diagnoses is Chr sup otitis media NOS, which can be elaborated as Unspecified chronic suppurative otitis media. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Intravasclr spectroscopy, which can be elaborated as Intravascular spectroscopy.

For the icd9_code 3824, diagnoses is Suppur otitis media NOS, which can be elaborated as Unspecified suppurative otitis media. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Intravas img cor ves OCT, which can be elaborated as Intravascular imaging of coronary vessel(s) by optical coherence tomography [OCT].

For the icd9_code 3829, diagnoses is Otitis media NOS, which can be elaborated as Unspecified otitis media. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Blood vessel dx proc NEC, which can be elaborated as Other diagnostic procedures on blood vessels.

For the icd9_code 3831, diagnoses is Chronic mastoiditis, which can be elaborated as Chronic mastoiditis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Intracran ves resec-anas, which can be elaborated as Resection of vessel with anastomosis, intracranial vessels.

For the icd9_code 3839, diagnoses is Mastoiditis NOS, which can be elaborated as Unspecified mastoiditis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Leg vein resect/anastom, which can be elaborated as Resection of vessel with anastomosis, lower limb veins.

For the icd9_code 3841, diagnoses is Chronic myringitis, which can be elaborated as Chronic myringitis without mention of otitis media. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Intracran ves resec-repl, which can be elaborated as Resection of vessel with replacement, intracranial vessels.

For the icd9_code 3849, diagnoses is Dis tympanic memb NOS, which can be elaborated as Unspecified disorder of tympanic membrane. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Leg vein resect w replac, which can be elaborated as Resection of vessel with replacement, lower limb veins.

For the icd9_code 3320, diagnoses is Paralysis agitans, which can be elaborated as Paralysis agitans. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Thoracoscopc lung biopsy, which can be elaborated as Thoracoscopic lung biopsy.

For the icd9_code 3699, diagnoses is Visual loss NOS, which can be elaborated as Unspecified visual loss. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Heart vessel op NEC, which can be elaborated as Other operations on vessels of heart.

For the icd9_code 3523, diagnoses is Pneumogastric nerve dis, which can be elaborated as Disorders of pneumogastric [10th] nerve. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Opn/oth rep mtrl vlv-tis, which can be elaborated as Open and other replacement of mitral valve with tissue graft.

For the icd9_code 3524, diagnoses is Accessory nerve disorder, which can be elaborated as Disorders of accessory [11th] nerve. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Opn/oth rep mitral valve, which can be elaborated as Open and other replacement of mitral valve.

For the icd9_code 3525, diagnoses is Hypoglossal nerve dis, which can be elaborated as Disorders of hypoglossal [12th] nerve. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Opn/oth rep pulm vlv-tis, which can be elaborated as Open and other replacement of pulmonary valve with tissue graft.

For the icd9_code 3526, diagnoses is Mult cranial nerve palsy, which can be elaborated as Multiple cranial nerve palsies. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Opn/oth repl pul valve, which can be elaborated as Open and other replacement of pulmonary valve.

For the icd9_code 3531, diagnoses is Lumbosacral plex lesion, which can be elaborated as Lumbosacral plexus lesions. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Papillary muscle ops, which can be elaborated as Operations on papillary muscle.

For the icd9_code 3532, diagnoses is Cervical root lesion NEC, which can be elaborated as Cervical root lesions, not elsewhere classified. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Chordae tendineae ops, which can be elaborated as Operations on chordae tendineae.

For the icd9_code 3533, diagnoses is Thoracic root lesion NEC, which can be elaborated as Thoracic root lesions, not elsewhere classified. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Annuloplasty, which can be elaborated as Annuloplasty.

For the icd9_code 3534, diagnoses is Lumbsacral root les NEC, which can be elaborated as Lumbosacral root lesions, not elsewhere classified. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Infundibulectomy, which can be elaborated as Infundibulectomy.

For the icd9_code 3535, diagnoses is Neuralgic amyotrophy, which can be elaborated as Neuralgic amyotrophy. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Trabecul carneae cord op, which can be elaborated as Operations on trabeculae carneae cordis.

For the icd9_code 3539, diagnoses is Nerv root/plexus dis NOS, which can be elaborated as Unspecified nerve root and plexus disorder. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Tiss adj to valv ops NEC, which can be elaborated as Operations on other structures adjacent to valves of heart.

For the icd9_code 3541, diagnoses is Median nerve lesion NEC, which can be elaborated as Other lesion of median nerve. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Enlarge existing sep def, which can be elaborated as Enlargement of existing atrial septal defect.

For the icd9_code 3542, diagnoses is Ulnar nerve lesion, which can be elaborated as Lesion of ulnar nerve. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Create septal defect, which can be elaborated as Creation of septal defect in heart.

For the icd9_code 3550, diagnoses is Sciatic nerve lesion, which can be elaborated as Lesion of sciatic nerve. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Prosth rep hrt septa NOS, which can be elaborated as Repair of unspecified septal defect of heart with prosthesis.

For the icd9_code 3551, diagnoses is Meralgia paresthetica, which can be elaborated as Meralgia paresthetica. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Pros rep atrial def-opn, which can be elaborated as Repair of atrial septal defect with prosthesis, open technique.

For the icd9_code 3552, diagnoses is Femoral nerve lesion NEC, which can be elaborated as Other lesion of femoral nerve. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Pros repair atria def-cl, which can be elaborated as Repair of atrial septal defect with prosthesis, closed technique.

For the icd9_code 3553, diagnoses is Lat popliteal nerve les, which can be elaborated as Lesion of lateral popliteal nerve. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Pros rep ventric def-opn, which can be elaborated as Repair of ventricular septal defect with prosthesis, open technique.

For the icd9_code 3554, diagnoses is Med popliteal nerve les, which can be elaborated as Lesion of medial popliteal nerve. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Pros rep endocar cushion, which can be elaborated as Repair of endocardial cushion defect with prosthesis.

For the icd9_code 3555, diagnoses is Tarsal tunnel syndrome, which can be elaborated as Tarsal tunnel syndrome. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Pros rep ventrc def-clos, which can be elaborated as Repair of ventricular septal defect with prosthesis, closed technique.

For the icd9_code 3560, diagnoses is Hered periph neuropathy, which can be elaborated as Hereditary peripheral neuropathy. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Grft repair hrt sept NOS, which can be elaborated as Repair of unspecified septal defect of heart with tissue graft.

For the icd9_code 3561, diagnoses is Peroneal muscle atrophy, which can be elaborated as Peroneal muscular atrophy. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Graft repair atrial def, which can be elaborated as Repair of atrial septal defect with tissue graft.

For the icd9_code 3562, diagnoses is Hered sensory neuropathy, which can be elaborated as Hereditary sensory neuropathy. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Graft repair ventric def, which can be elaborated as Repair of ventricular septal defect with tissue graft.

For the icd9_code 3563, diagnoses is Refsum's disease, which can be elaborated as Refsum's disease. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Grft rep endocar cushion, which can be elaborated as Repair of endocardial cushion defect with tissue graft.

For the icd9_code 3570, diagnoses is Ac infect polyneuritis, which can be elaborated as Acute infective polyneuritis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Heart septa repair NOS, which can be elaborated as Other and unspecified repair of unspecified septal defect of heart.

For the icd9_code 3571, diagnoses is Neurpthy in col vasc dis, which can be elaborated as Polyneuropathy in collagen vascular disease. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Atria septa def rep NEC, which can be elaborated as Other and unspecified repair of atrial septal defect.

For the icd9_code 3572, diagnoses is Neuropathy in diabetes, which can be elaborated as Polyneuropathy in diabetes. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Ventr septa def rep NEC, which can be elaborated as Other and unspecified repair of ventricular septal defect.

For the icd9_code 3573, diagnoses is Neuropathy in malig dis, which can be elaborated as Polyneuropathy in malignant disease. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Endocar cushion rep NEC, which can be elaborated as Other and unspecified repair of endocardial cushion defect.

For the icd9_code 3581, diagnoses is Myasthenia in oth dis, which can be elaborated as Myasthenic syndromes in diseases classified elsewhere. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Tot repair tetral fallot, which can be elaborated as Total repair of tetralogy of fallot.

For the icd9_code 3582, diagnoses is Toxic myoneural disorder, which can be elaborated as Toxic myoneural disorders. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Total repair of tapvc, which can be elaborated as Total repair of total anomalous pulmonary venous connection.

For the icd9_code 3591, diagnoses is Hered prog musc dystrphy, which can be elaborated as Hereditary progressive muscular dystrophy. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Interat ven retrn transp, which can be elaborated as Interatrial transposition of venous return.

For the icd9_code 3593, diagnoses is Periodic paralysis, which can be elaborated as Periodic paralysis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Conduit left ventr-aorta, which can be elaborated as Creation of conduit between left ventricle and aorta.

For the icd9_code 3594, diagnoses is Toxic myopathy, which can be elaborated as Toxic myopathy. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Conduit artium-pulm art, which can be elaborated as Creation of conduit between atrium and pulmonary artery.

For the icd9_code 3595, diagnoses is Myopathy in endocrin dis, which can be elaborated as Myopathy in endocrine diseases classified elsewhere. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Heart repair revision, which can be elaborated as Revision of corrective procedure on heart.

For the icd9_code 3596, diagnoses is Infl myopathy in oth dis, which can be elaborated as Symptomatic inflammatory myopathy in diseases classified elsewhere. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Perc balloon valvuplasty, which can be elaborated as Percutaneous balloon valvuloplasty.

For the icd9_code 3599, diagnoses is Myopathy NOS, which can be elaborated as Myopathy, unspecified. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Other heart valve ops, which can be elaborated as Other operations on valves of heart.

For the icd9_code 3609, diagnoses is Disorder of globe NOS, which can be elaborated as Unspecified disorder of globe. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Rem of cor art obstr NEC, which can be elaborated as Other removal of coronary artery obstruction.

For the icd9_code 3612, diagnoses is Serous retina detachment, which can be elaborated as Serous retinal detachment. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Aortocor bypas-2 cor art, which can be elaborated as (Aorto)coronary bypass of two coronary arteries.

For the icd9_code 3619, diagnoses is Retinal detachment NOS, which can be elaborated as Unspecified retinal detachment. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Hrt revas byps anas NEC, which can be elaborated as Other bypass anastomosis for heart revascularization.

For the icd9_code 3639, diagnoses is Choroidal disorder NOS, which can be elaborated as Unspecified disorder of choroid. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Oth heart revascular, which can be elaborated as Other heart revascularization.

For the icd9_code 3798, diagnoses is Eye disorders NEC, which can be elaborated as Other specified disorders of eye and adnexa. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Repl cardiodefib genratr, which can be elaborated as Replacement of automatic cardioverter/defibrillator pulse generator only.

For the icd9_code 4389, diagnoses is Late effect CV dis NOS, which can be elaborated as Unspecified late effects of cerebrovascular disease. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Opn/oth part gastrectomy, which can be elaborated as Open and other partial gastrectomy.

For the icd9_code 4400, diagnoses is Aortic atherosclerosis, which can be elaborated as Atherosclerosis of aorta. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Vagotomy NOS, which can be elaborated as Vagotomy, not otherwise specified.

For the icd9_code 4401, diagnoses is Renal artery atheroscler, which can be elaborated as Atherosclerosis of renal artery. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Truncal vagotomy, which can be elaborated as Truncal vagotomy.

For the icd9_code 4411, diagnoses is Ruptur thoracic aneurysm, which can be elaborated as Thoracic aneurysm, ruptured. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Transabdomin gastroscopy, which can be elaborated as Transabdominal gastroscopy.

For the icd9_code 4412, diagnoses is Thoracic aortic aneurysm, which can be elaborated as Thoracic aneurysm without mention of rupture. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Gastroscopy thru stoma, which can be elaborated as Gastroscopy through artificial stoma.

For the icd9_code 4413, diagnoses is Rupt abd aortic aneurysm, which can be elaborated as Abdominal aneurysm, ruptured. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Gastroscopy NEC, which can be elaborated as Other gastroscopy.

For the icd9_code 4414, diagnoses is Abdom aortic aneurysm, which can be elaborated as Abdominal aneurysm without mention of rupture. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Closed gastric biopsy, which can be elaborated as Closed [endoscopic] biopsy of stomach.

For the icd9_code 4415, diagnoses is Rupt aortic aneurysm NOS, which can be elaborated as Aortic aneurysm of unspecified site, ruptured. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Open gastric biopsy, which can be elaborated as Open biopsy of stomach.

For the icd9_code 4419, diagnoses is Aortic aneurysm NOS, which can be elaborated as Aortic aneurysm of unspecified site without mention of rupture. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Gastric diagnos proc NEC, which can be elaborated as Other diagnostic procedures on stomach.

For the icd9_code 4421, diagnoses is Renal artery aneurysm, which can be elaborated as Aneurysm of renal artery. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Dilate pylorus, incision, which can be elaborated as Dilation of pylorus by incision.

For the icd9_code 4422, diagnoses is Iliac artery aneurysm, which can be elaborated as Aneurysm of iliac artery. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Endoscop dilate pylorus, which can be elaborated as Endoscopic dilation of pylorus.

For the icd9_code 4429, diagnoses is Aneurysm NOS, which can be elaborated as Aneurysm of unspecified site. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Other pyloroplasty, which can be elaborated as Other pyloroplasty.

For the icd9_code 4431, diagnoses is Thromboangiit obliterans, which can be elaborated as Thromboangiitis obliterans [Buerger's disease]. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is High gastric bypass, which can be elaborated as High gastric bypass.

For the icd9_code 4439, diagnoses is Periph vascular dis NOS, which can be elaborated as Peripheral vascular disease, unspecified. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Gastroenterostomy NEC, which can be elaborated as Other gastroenterostomy without gastrectomy.

For the icd9_code 4441, diagnoses is Thoracic aortic embolism, which can be elaborated as Embolism and thrombosis of thoracic aorta. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Sut gastric ulcer site, which can be elaborated as Suture of gastric ulcer site.

For the icd9_code 4449, diagnoses is Arterial embolism NOS, which can be elaborated as Embolism and thrombosis of unspecified artery. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Other control gast hem, which can be elaborated as Other control of hemorrhage of stomach or duodenum.

For the icd9_code 4461, diagnoses is Mucocutan lymph node syn, which can be elaborated as Acute febrile mucocutaneous lymph node syndrome [MCLS]. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Suture gastric lacerat, which can be elaborated as Suture of laceration of stomach.

For the icd9_code 4463, diagnoses is Lethal midline granuloma, which can be elaborated as Lethal midline granuloma. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Close gastric fistul NEC, which can be elaborated as Closure of other gastric fistula.

For the icd9_code 4464, diagnoses is Wegener's granulomatosis, which can be elaborated as Wegener's granulomatosis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Gastropexy, which can be elaborated as Gastropexy.

For the icd9_code 4465, diagnoses is Giant cell arteritis, which can be elaborated as Giant cell arteritis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Esophagogastroplasty, which can be elaborated as Esophagogastroplasty.

For the icd9_code 4466, diagnoses is Thrombot microangiopathy, which can be elaborated as Thrombotic microangiopathy. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Creat esophagastr sphinc, which can be elaborated as Other procedures for creation of esophagogastric sphincteric competence.

For the icd9_code 4467, diagnoses is Takayasu's disease, which can be elaborated as Takayasu's disease. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Lap creat esoph sphinct, which can be elaborated as Laparoscopic procedures for creation of esophagogastric sphincteric competence.

For the icd9_code 449, diagnoses is Septic arterial embolism, which can be elaborated as Septic arterial embolism. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Per nerve adhesiolys NEC, which can be elaborated as Other peripheral nerve or ganglion decompression or lysis of adhesions.

For the icd9_code 4512, diagnoses is Thrombophlebitis leg NOS, which can be elaborated as Phlebitis and thrombophlebitis of lower extremities, unspecified. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Endosc sm bowel thru st, which can be elaborated as Endoscopy of small intestine through artificial stoma.

For the icd9_code 4519, diagnoses is Thrombophlebitis NOS, which can be elaborated as Phlebitis and thrombophlebitis of unspecified site. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Sm bowel dx proc NEC, which can be elaborated as Other diagnostic procedures on small intestine.

For the icd9_code 4530, diagnoses is Budd-chiari syndrome, which can be elaborated as Budd-chiari syndrome. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Endosc destru duoden les, which can be elaborated as Endoscopic excision or destruction of lesion of duodenum.

For the icd9_code 4531, diagnoses is Thrombophlebitis migrans, which can be elaborated as Thrombophlebitis migrans. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Oth excise duodenum les, which can be elaborated as Other local excision of lesion of duodenum.

For the icd9_code 4532, diagnoses is Oth inf vena cava thromb, which can be elaborated as Other venous embolism and thrombosis of inferior vena cava. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Destruct duoden les NEC, which can be elaborated as Other destruction of lesion of duodenum.

For the icd9_code 4533, diagnoses is Renal vein thrombosis, which can be elaborated as Other venous embolism and thrombosis of renal vein. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Local excis sm bowel NEC, which can be elaborated as Local excision of lesion or tissue of small intestine, except duodenum.

For the icd9_code 4011, diagnoses is Benign hypertension, which can be elaborated as Benign essential hypertension. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Lymphatic struct biopsy, which can be elaborated as Biopsy of lymphatic structure.

For the icd9_code 4019, diagnoses is Hypertension NOS, which can be elaborated as Unspecified essential hypertension. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Lymphatic diag proc NEC, which can be elaborated as Other diagnostic procedures on lymphatic structures.

For the icd9_code 412, diagnoses is Old myocardial infarct, which can be elaborated as Old myocardial infarction. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Open periph nerve biopsy, which can be elaborated as Open biopsy of cranial or peripheral nerve or ganglion.

For the icd9_code 412, diagnoses is Old myocardial infarct, which can be elaborated as Old myocardial infarction. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Splenotomy, which can be elaborated as Splenotomy.

For the icd9_code 4131, diagnoses is Prinzmetal angina, which can be elaborated as Prinzmetal angina. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Bone marrow biopsy, which can be elaborated as Biopsy of bone marrow.

For the icd9_code 4139, diagnoses is Angina pectoris NEC/NOS, which can be elaborated as Other and unspecified angina pectoris. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Spleen diagnost proc NEC, which can be elaborated as Other diagnostic procedures on spleen.

For the icd9_code 4142, diagnoses is Chr tot occlus cor artry, which can be elaborated as Chronic total occlusion of coronary artery. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Exc splenic lesion/tiss, which can be elaborated as Excision of lesion or tissue of spleen.

For the icd9_code 4143, diagnoses is Cor ath d/t lpd rch plaq, which can be elaborated as Coronary atherosclerosis due to lipid rich plaque. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Partial splenectomy, which can be elaborated as Partial splenectomy.

For the icd9_code 4210, diagnoses is Ac/subac bact endocard, which can be elaborated as Acute and subacute bacterial endocarditis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Esophagostomy NOS, which can be elaborated as Esophagostomy, not otherwise specified.

For the icd9_code 4211, diagnoses is Ac endocardit in oth dis, which can be elaborated as Acute and subacute infective endocarditis in diseases classified elsewhere. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Cervical esophagostomy, which can be elaborated as Cervical esophagostomy.

For the icd9_code 4219, diagnoses is Ac/subac endocardit NOS, which can be elaborated as Acute endocarditis, unspecified. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Ext fistulizat esoph NEC, which can be elaborated as Other external fistulization of esophagus.

For the icd9_code 4231, diagnoses is Adhesive pericarditis, which can be elaborated as Adhesive pericarditis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Loc excis esoph divertic, which can be elaborated as Local excision of esophageal diverticulum.

For the icd9_code 4232, diagnoses is Constrictiv pericarditis, which can be elaborated as Constrictive pericarditis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Local excis esophag NEC, which can be elaborated as Local excision of other lesion or tissue of esophagus.

For the icd9_code 4233, diagnoses is Cardiac tamponade, which can be elaborated as Cardiac tamponade. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Endosc destruc esoph les, which can be elaborated as Endoscopic excision or destruction of lesion or tissue of esophagus.

For the icd9_code 4239, diagnoses is Pericardial disease NOS, which can be elaborated as Unspecified disease of pericardium. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Destruct esophag les NEC, which can be elaborated as Other destruction of lesion or tissue of esophagus.

For the icd9_code 4240, diagnoses is Mitral valve disorder, which can be elaborated as Mitral valve disorders. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Esophagectomy NOS, which can be elaborated as Esophagectomy, not otherwise specified.

For the icd9_code 4241, diagnoses is Aortic valve disorder, which can be elaborated as Aortic valve disorders. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Partial esophagectomy, which can be elaborated as Partial esophagectomy.

For the icd9_code 4242, diagnoses is Nonrheum tricusp val dis, which can be elaborated as Tricuspid valve disorders, specified as nonrheumatic. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Total esophagectomy, which can be elaborated as Total esophagectomy.

For the icd9_code 4252, diagnoses is Obsc afric cardiomyopath, which can be elaborated as Obscure cardiomyopathy of Africa. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Thorac esophagogastrost, which can be elaborated as Intrathoracic esophagogastrostomy.

For the icd9_code 4253, diagnoses is Endocard fibroelastosis, which can be elaborated as Endocardial fibroelastosis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Thorac sm bowel interpos, which can be elaborated as Intrathoracic esophageal anastomosis with interposition of small bowel.

For the icd9_code 4254, diagnoses is Prim cardiomyopathy NEC, which can be elaborated as Other primary cardiomyopathies. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Thorac esophagoenter NEC, which can be elaborated as Other intrathoracic esophagoenterostomy.

For the icd9_code 4255, diagnoses is Alcoholic cardiomyopathy, which can be elaborated as Alcoholic cardiomyopathy. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Thorac lg bowel interpos, which can be elaborated as Intrathoracic esophageal anastomosis with interposition of colon.

For the icd9_code 4258, diagnoses is Cardiomyopath in oth dis, which can be elaborated as Cardiomyopathy in other diseases classified elsewhere. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Thorac interposition NEC, which can be elaborated as Intrathoracic esophageal anastomosis with other interposition.

For the icd9_code 4259, diagnoses is Second cardiomyopath NOS, which can be elaborated as Secondary cardiomyopathy, unspecified. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Thorac esophag anast NEC, which can be elaborated as Other intrathoracic anastomosis of esophagus.

For the icd9_code 4262, diagnoses is Left bb hemiblock, which can be elaborated as Left bundle branch hemiblock. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Stern esophagogastrostom, which can be elaborated as Antesternal esophagogastrostomy.

For the icd9_code 4263, diagnoses is Left bb block NEC, which can be elaborated as Other left bundle branch block. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Stern sm bowel interpos, which can be elaborated as Antesternal esophageal anastomosis with interposition of small bowel.

For the icd9_code 4264, diagnoses is Rt bundle branch block, which can be elaborated as Right bundle branch block. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Stern esophagoenter NEC, which can be elaborated as Other antesternal esophagoenterostomy.

For the icd9_code 4266, diagnoses is Other heart block, which can be elaborated as Other heart block. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Stern esophagocolos NEC, which can be elaborated as Other antesternal esophagocolostomy.

For the icd9_code 4269, diagnoses is Conduction disorder NOS, which can be elaborated as Conduction disorder, unspecified. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Stern esophag anast NEC, which can be elaborated as Other antesternal anastomosis of esophagus.

For the icd9_code 4281, diagnoses is Left heart failure, which can be elaborated as Left heart failure. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Insert perm tube esophag, which can be elaborated as Insertion of permanent tube into esophagus.

For the icd9_code 4289, diagnoses is Heart failure NOS, which can be elaborated as Heart failure, unspecified. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Esophageal repair NEC, which can be elaborated as Other repair of esophagus.

For the icd9_code 4291, diagnoses is Myocardial degeneration, which can be elaborated as Myocardial degeneration. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Ligation esoph varix, which can be elaborated as Ligation of esophageal varices.

For the icd9_code 4292, diagnoses is Ascvd, which can be elaborated as Cardiovascular disease, unspecified. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Esophageal dilation, which can be elaborated as Dilation of esophagus.

For the icd9_code 4299, diagnoses is Heart disease NOS, which can be elaborated as Heart disease, unspecified. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Esophageal operation NEC, which can be elaborated as Other operations on esophagus.

For the icd9_code 430, diagnoses is Subarachnoid hemorrhage, which can be elaborated as Subarachnoid hemorrhage. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Gastrotomy, which can be elaborated as Gastrotomy.

For the icd9_code 3859, diagnoses is Dis mid ear/mastoid NOS, which can be elaborated as Unspecified disorder of middle ear and mastoid. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Leg varicos v liga-strip, which can be elaborated as Ligation and stripping of varicose veins, lower limb veins.

For the icd9_code 3862, diagnoses is Central origin vertigo, which can be elaborated as Vertigo of central origin. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Head/neck vessel excis, which can be elaborated as Other excision of vessels, other vessels of head and neck.

For the icd9_code 3897, diagnoses is Deaf, nonspeaking NEC, which can be elaborated as Deaf, nonspeaking, not elsewhere classifiable. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is CV cath plcmt w guidance, which can be elaborated as Central venous catheter placement with guidance.

For the icd9_code 3898, diagnoses is Hearing loss NEC, which can be elaborated as Other specified forms of hearing loss. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Arterial puncture NEC, which can be elaborated as Other puncture of artery.

For the icd9_code 3899, diagnoses is Hearing loss NOS, which can be elaborated as Unspecified hearing loss. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Venous puncture NEC, which can be elaborated as Other puncture of vein.

For the icd9_code 390, diagnoses is Rheum fev w/o hrt involv, which can be elaborated as Rheumatic fever without mention of heart involvement. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Insert spinal canal cath, which can be elaborated as Insertion of catheter into spinal canal for infusion of therapeutic or palliative substances.

For the icd9_code 390, diagnoses is Rheum fev w/o hrt involv, which can be elaborated as Rheumatic fever without mention of heart involvement. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Systemic-pulm art shunt, which can be elaborated as Systemic to pulmonary artery shunt.

For the icd9_code 3929, diagnoses is Rheumatic chorea NOS, which can be elaborated as Rheumatic chorea without mention of heart involvement. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Vasc shunt & bypass NEC, which can be elaborated as Other (peripheral) vascular shunt or bypass.

For the icd9_code 393, diagnoses is Chr rheumatic pericard, which can be elaborated as Chronic rheumatic pericarditis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Imp/repl spine stim lead, which can be elaborated as Implantation or replacement of spinal neurostimulator lead(s).

For the icd9_code 3941, diagnoses is Rheumatic mitral insuff, which can be elaborated as Rheumatic mitral insufficiency. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Postop vasc op hem contr, which can be elaborated as Control of hemorrhage following vascular surgery.

For the icd9_code 3942, diagnoses is Mitral stenosis w insuff, which can be elaborated as Mitral stenosis with insufficiency. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Revis ren dialysis shunt, which can be elaborated as Revision of arteriovenous shunt for renal dialysis.

For the icd9_code 3949, diagnoses is Mitral valve dis NEC/NOS, which can be elaborated as Other and unspecified mitral valve diseases. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Vasc proc revision NEC, which can be elaborated as Other revision of vascular procedure.

For the icd9_code 3950, diagnoses is Rheumat aortic stenosis, which can be elaborated as Rheumatic aortic stenosis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Angio oth non-coronary, which can be elaborated as Angioplasty of other non-coronary vessel(s).

For the icd9_code 3951, diagnoses is Rheumatic aortic insuff, which can be elaborated as Rheumatic aortic insufficiency. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Clipping of aneurysm, which can be elaborated as Clipping of aneurysm.

For the icd9_code 3952, diagnoses is Rheum aortic sten/insuff, which can be elaborated as Rheumatic aortic stenosis with insufficiency. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Aneurysm repair NEC, which can be elaborated as Other repair of aneurysm.

For the icd9_code 3959, diagnoses is Rheum aortic dis NEC/NOS, which can be elaborated as Other and unspecified rheumatic aortic diseases. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Repair of vessel NEC, which can be elaborated as Other repair of vessel.

For the icd9_code 3961, diagnoses is Mitral stenos/aort insuf, which can be elaborated as Mitral valve stenosis and aortic valve insufficiency. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Extracorporeal circulat, which can be elaborated as Extracorporeal circulation auxiliary to open heart surgery.

For the icd9_code 3962, diagnoses is Mitral insuf/aort stenos, which can be elaborated as Mitral valve insufficiency and aortic valve stenosis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Hypothermia w open heart, which can be elaborated as Hypothermia (systemic) incidental to open heart surgery.

For the icd9_code 3963, diagnoses is Mitral/aortic val insuff, which can be elaborated as Mitral valve insufficiency and aortic valve insufficiency. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Cardioplegia, which can be elaborated as Cardioplegia.

For the icd9_code 3971, diagnoses is Rheum pulmon valve dis, which can be elaborated as Rheumatic diseases of pulmonary valve. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Endo imp oth grf abd aor, which can be elaborated as Endovascular implantation of other graft in abdominal aorta.

For the icd9_code 3979, diagnoses is Rheum endocarditis NOS, which can be elaborated as Rheumatic diseases of endocardium, valve unspecified. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Oth endo proc oth vessel, which can be elaborated as Other endovascular procedures on other vessels.

For the icd9_code 3868, diagnoses is Disorders labyrinth NEC, which can be elaborated as Other disorders of labyrinth. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Leg artery excision, which can be elaborated as Other excision of vessels, lower limb arteries.

For the icd9_code 3869, diagnoses is Vertiginous synd NOS, which can be elaborated as Unspecified vertiginous syndromes and labyrinthine disorders. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Leg vein excision, which can be elaborated as Other excision of vessels, lower limb veins.

For the icd9_code 3882, diagnoses is Sudden hearing loss NOS, which can be elaborated as Sudden hearing loss, unspecified. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Occlus head/neck ves NEC, which can be elaborated as Other surgical occlusion of vessels, other vessels of head and neck.

For the icd9_code 3885, diagnoses is Acoustic nerve disorders, which can be elaborated as Disorders of acoustic nerve. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Occlude thoracic ves NEC, which can be elaborated as Other surgical occlusion of vessels, thoracic vessels.

For the icd9_code 3888, diagnoses is Disorders of ear NEC, which can be elaborated as Other disorders of ear. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Occlude leg artery NEC, which can be elaborated as Other surgical occlusion of vessels, lower limb arteries.

For the icd9_code 3889, diagnoses is Disorder of ear NOS, which can be elaborated as Unspecified disorder of ear. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Occlude leg vein NEC, which can be elaborated as Other surgical occlusion of vessels, lower limb veins.

For the icd9_code 3729, diagnoses is Conjunctiva disorder NOS, which can be elaborated as Unspecified disorder of conjunctiva. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Hrt/pericar dx proc NEC, which can be elaborated as Other diagnostic procedures on heart and pericardium.

For the icd9_code 3732, diagnoses is Chalazion, which can be elaborated as Chalazion. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Heart aneurysm excision, which can be elaborated as Excision of aneurysm of heart.

For the icd9_code 3734, diagnoses is Infect derm lid w deform, which can be elaborated as Infective dermatitis of eyelid of types resulting in deformity. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Exc/des hrt les,endovasc, which can be elaborated as Excision or destruction of other lesion or tissue of heart, endovascular approach.

For the icd9_code 3735, diagnoses is Infec dermatitis lid NEC, which can be elaborated as Other infective dermatitis of eyelid. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Partial ventriculectomy, which can be elaborated as Partial ventriculectomy.

For the icd9_code 3736, diagnoses is Parasitic infest eyelid, which can be elaborated as Parasitic infestation of eyelid. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Exc,destrct,exclus LAA, which can be elaborated as Excision, destruction, or exclusion of left atrial appendage (LAA).

For the icd9_code 3749, diagnoses is Disorder of eyelid NOS, which can be elaborated as Unspecified disorder of eyelid. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Heart/pericard repr NEC, which can be elaborated as Other repair of heart and pericardium.

For the icd9_code 3766, diagnoses is Old foreign body, orbit, which can be elaborated as Retained (old) foreign body following penetrating wound of orbit. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Implantable hrt assist, which can be elaborated as Insertion of implantable heart assist system.

For the icd9_code 3779, diagnoses is Optic nerve disorder NOS, which can be elaborated as Unspecified disorder of optic nerve and visual pathways. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Rev/reloc card dev pockt, which can be elaborated as Revision or relocation of cardiac device pocket.

For the icd9_code 3789, diagnoses is Eye movemnt disorder NOS, which can be elaborated as Unspecified disorder of eye movements. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Revise or remove pacemak, which can be elaborated as Revision or removal of pacemaker device.

For the icd9_code 5641, diagnoses is Irritable bowel syndrome, which can be elaborated as Irritable bowel syndrome. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Partial ureterectomy, which can be elaborated as Partial ureterectomy.

For the icd9_code 5642, diagnoses is Postgastric surgery synd, which can be elaborated as Postgastric surgery syndromes. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Total ureterectomy, which can be elaborated as Total ureterectomy.

For the icd9_code 5651, diagnoses is Anal fistula, which can be elaborated as Anal fistula. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Form cutan ileoureterost, which can be elaborated as Formation of cutaneous uretero-ileostomy.

For the icd9_code 5671, diagnoses is Pneumococcal peritonitis, which can be elaborated as Pneumococcal peritonitis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Urin diversion to bowel, which can be elaborated as Urinary diversion to intestine.

For the icd9_code 5679, diagnoses is Peritonitis NOS, which can be elaborated as Unspecified peritonitis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Ureteral anastomosis NEC, which can be elaborated as Other anastomosis or bypass of ureter.

For the icd9_code 5689, diagnoses is Peritoneal disorder NOS, which can be elaborated as Unspecified disorder of peritoneum. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Repair of ureter NEC, which can be elaborated as Other repair of ureter.

For the icd9_code 5691, diagnoses is Rectal prolapse, which can be elaborated as Rectal prolapse. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Ureteral meatus dilation, which can be elaborated as Dilation of ureteral meatus.

For the icd9_code 5692, diagnoses is Rectal & anal stenosis, which can be elaborated as Stenosis of rectum and anus. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Implant ureteral stimul, which can be elaborated as Implantation of electronic ureteral stimulator.

For the icd9_code 5693, diagnoses is Rectal & anal hemorrhage, which can be elaborated as Hemorrhage of rectum and anus. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Replace ureteral stimul, which can be elaborated as Replacement of electronic ureteral stimulator.

For the icd9_code 5695, diagnoses is Intestinal abscess, which can be elaborated as Abscess of intestine. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Ligation of ureter, which can be elaborated as Ligation of ureter.

For the icd9_code 5699, diagnoses is Intestinal disorder NOS, which can be elaborated as Unspecified disorder of intestine. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Ureteral operation NEC, which can be elaborated as Other operations on ureter.

For the icd9_code 570, diagnoses is Acute necrosis of liver, which can be elaborated as Acute and subacute necrosis of liver. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Tu bladder clearance, which can be elaborated as Transurethral clearance of bladder.

For the icd9_code 5711, diagnoses is Ac alcoholic hepatitis, which can be elaborated as Acute alcoholic hepatitis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Percutan bladder aspirat, which can be elaborated as Percutaneous aspiration of bladder.

For the icd9_code 5253, diagnoses is Retained dental root, which can be elaborated as Retained dental root. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Rad subtot pancreatectom, which can be elaborated as Radical subtotal pancreatectomy.

For the icd9_code 436, diagnoses is Cva, which can be elaborated as Acute, but ill-defined, cerebrovascular disease. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Distal gastrectomy, which can be elaborated as Partial gastrectomy with anastomosis to duodenum.

For the icd9_code 4941, diagnoses is Bronchiectasis w ac exac, which can be elaborated as Bronchiectasis with acute exacerbation. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Hemorrhoid reduction, which can be elaborated as Reduction of hemorrhoids.

For the icd9_code 4951, diagnoses is Bagassosis, which can be elaborated as Bagassosis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Left lat sphincterotomy, which can be elaborated as Left lateral anal sphincterotomy.

For the icd9_code 4952, diagnoses is Bird-fanciers' lung, which can be elaborated as Bird-fanciers' lung. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Post sphincterotomy, which can be elaborated as Posterior anal sphincterotomy.

For the icd9_code 4959, diagnoses is Allerg alveol/pneum NOS, which can be elaborated as Unspecified allergic alveolitis and pneumonitis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Anal sphincterotomy NEC, which can be elaborated as Other anal sphincterotomy.

For the icd9_code 496, diagnoses is Chr airway obstruct NEC, which can be elaborated as Chronic airway obstruction, not elsewhere classified. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Excision of anus, which can be elaborated as Excision of anus.

For the icd9_code 500, diagnoses is Coal workers' pneumocon, which can be elaborated as Coal workers' pneumoconiosis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Hepatotomy, which can be elaborated as Hepatotomy.

For the icd9_code 503, diagnoses is Inorg dust pneumocon NEC, which can be elaborated as Pneumoconiosis due to other inorganic dust. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Hepatic lobectomy, which can be elaborated as Lobectomy of liver.

For the icd9_code 504, diagnoses is Dust pneumonopathy NEC, which can be elaborated as Pneumonopathy due to inhalation of other dust. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Total hepatectomy, which can be elaborated as Total hepatectomy.

For the icd9_code 5061, diagnoses is Fum/vapor ac pulm edema, which can be elaborated as Acute pulmonary edema due to fumes and vapors. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Closure liver lacerat, which can be elaborated as Closure of laceration of liver.

For the icd9_code 5069, diagnoses is Fum/vapor resp cond NOS, which can be elaborated as Unspecified respiratory conditions due to fumes and vapors. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Liver repair NEC, which can be elaborated as Other repair of liver.

For the icd9_code 5110, diagnoses is Pleurisy w/o effus or TB, which can be elaborated as Pleurisy without mention of effusion or current tuberculosis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Endosc retro cholangiopa, which can be elaborated as Endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography [ERCP].

For the icd9_code 5111, diagnoses is Bact pleur/effus not TB, which can be elaborated as Pleurisy with effusion, with mention of a bacterial cause other than tuberculosis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Endosc retro cholangio, which can be elaborated as Endoscopic retrograde cholangiography [ERC].

For the icd9_code 5119, diagnoses is Pleural effusion NOS, which can be elaborated as Unspecified pleural effusion. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Biliary tr dx proc NEC, which can be elaborated as Other diagnostic procedures on biliary tract.

For the icd9_code 5121, diagnoses is Iatrogenic pneumothorax, which can be elaborated as Iatrogenic pneumothorax. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Oth part cholecystectomy, which can be elaborated as Other partial cholecystectomy.

For the icd9_code 5122, diagnoses is Postoperative air leak, which can be elaborated as Postoperative air leak. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Cholecystectomy, which can be elaborated as Cholecystectomy.

For the icd9_code 5131, diagnoses is Abscess of mediastinum, which can be elaborated as Abscess of mediastinum. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Gb-to-hepat duct anast, which can be elaborated as Anastomosis of gallbladder to hepatic ducts.

For the icd9_code 5161, diagnoses is Idio pulm hemosiderosis, which can be elaborated as Idiopathic pulmonary hemosiderosis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Excis cyst duct remnant, which can be elaborated as Excision of cystic duct remnant.

For the icd9_code 5162, diagnoses is Pulm alveolar microlith, which can be elaborated as Pulmonary alveolar microlithiasis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Excis ampulla of vater, which can be elaborated as Excision of ampulla of Vater (with reimplantation of common duct).

For the icd9_code 5164, diagnoses is Lymphangioleiomyomatosis, which can be elaborated as Lymphangioleiomyomatosis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Endosc destru bile les, which can be elaborated as Endoscopic excision or destruction of lesion of biliary ducts or sphincter of Oddi.

For the icd9_code 5169, diagnoses is Alveol pneumonopathy NOS, which can be elaborated as Unspecified alveolar and parietoalveolar pneumonopathy. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Bile duct excision NEC, which can be elaborated as Excision of other bile duct.

For the icd9_code 5171, diagnoses is Rheumatic pneumonia, which can be elaborated as Rheumatic pneumonia. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Simple sut-common duct, which can be elaborated as Simple suture of common bile duct.

For the icd9_code 5172, diagnoses is Syst sclerosis lung dis, which can be elaborated as Lung involvement in systemic sclerosis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Choledochoplasty, which can be elaborated as Choledochoplasty.

For the icd9_code 5219, diagnoses is Hard tiss dis teeth NOS, which can be elaborated as Unspecified disease of hard tissues of teeth. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Pancreatic dx proc NEC, which can be elaborated as Other diagnostic procedures on pancreas.

For the icd9_code 5221, diagnoses is Necrosis of tooth pulp, which can be elaborated as Necrosis of the pulp. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Endosc destr pancrea les, which can be elaborated as Endoscopic excision or destruction of lesion or tissue of pancreatic duct.

For the icd9_code 5222, diagnoses is Tooth pulp degeneration, which can be elaborated as Pulp degeneration. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Other destru pancrea les, which can be elaborated as Other excision or destruction of lesion or tissue of pancreas or pancreatic duct.

For the icd9_code 5181, diagnoses is Interstitial emphysema, which can be elaborated as Interstitial emphysema. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Sphincter of oddi dilat, which can be elaborated as Dilation of sphincter of Oddi.

For the icd9_code 5182, diagnoses is Compensatory emphysema, which can be elaborated as Compensatory emphysema. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Pancreat sphincterotom, which can be elaborated as Pancreatic sphincterotomy.

For the icd9_code 5183, diagnoses is Pulmonary eosinophilia, which can be elaborated as Pulmonary eosinophilia. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Pancreat sphincteroplas, which can be elaborated as Pancreatic sphincteroplasty.

For the icd9_code 5184, diagnoses is Acute lung edema NOS, which can be elaborated as Acute edema of lung, unspecified. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Endosc dilation ampulla, which can be elaborated as Endoscopic dilation of ampulla and biliary duct.

For the icd9_code 5186, diagnoses is Alrgc brncpul asprglosis, which can be elaborated as Allergic bronchopulmonary aspergillosis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Endosc inser nasobil tub, which can be elaborated as Endoscopic insertion of nasobiliary drainage tube.

For the icd9_code 5187, diagnoses is Transfsn rel ac lung inj, which can be elaborated as Transfusion related acute lung injury (TRALI). The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Endosc inser stent bile, which can be elaborated as Endoscopic insertion of stent (tube) into bile duct.

For the icd9_code 5192, diagnoses is Mediastinitis, which can be elaborated as Mediastinitis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Closure cholecystostomy, which can be elaborated as Closure of cholecystostomy.

For the icd9_code 5193, diagnoses is Mediastinum disease NEC, which can be elaborated as Other diseases of mediastinum, not elsewhere classified. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Clos biliary fistul NEC, which can be elaborated as Closure of other biliary fistula.

For the icd9_code 5194, diagnoses is Disorders of diaphragm, which can be elaborated as Disorders of diaphragm. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Revis bile tract anastom, which can be elaborated as Revision of anastomosis of biliary tract.

For the icd9_code 5198, diagnoses is Resp system disease NEC, which can be elaborated as Other diseases of respiratory system, not elsewhere classified. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Oth perc proc bil trct, which can be elaborated as Other percutaneous procedures on biliary tract.

For the icd9_code 5199, diagnoses is Resp system disease NOS, which can be elaborated as Unspecified disease of respiratory system. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Biliary tract op NEC, which can be elaborated as Other operations on biliary tract.

For the icd9_code 5201, diagnoses is Supernumerary teeth, which can be elaborated as Supernumerary teeth. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Cath drain-pancreat cyst, which can be elaborated as Drainage of pancreatic cyst by catheter.

For the icd9_code 5209, diagnoses is Tooth devel/erup dis NOS, which can be elaborated as Unspecified disorder of tooth development and eruption. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Pancreatotomy NEC, which can be elaborated as Other pancreatotomy.

For the icd9_code 4541, diagnoses is Leg varicosity w inflam, which can be elaborated as Varicose veins of lower extremities with inflammation. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Excise lg intestine les, which can be elaborated as Excision of lesion or tissue of large intestine.

For the icd9_code 4542, diagnoses is Varicos leg ulcer/inflam, which can be elaborated as Varicose veins of lower extremities with ulcer and inflammation. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Endo polpectomy lrge int, which can be elaborated as Endoscopic polypectomy of large intestine.

For the icd9_code 4549, diagnoses is Asympt varicose veins, which can be elaborated as Asymptomatic varicose veins. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Destruc lg bowel les NEC, which can be elaborated as Other destruction of lesion of large intestine.

For the icd9_code 4550, diagnoses is Int hemorrhoid w/o compl, which can be elaborated as Internal hemorrhoids without mention of complication. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Intest seg isolat NOS, which can be elaborated as Isolation of intestinal segment, not otherwise specified.

For the icd9_code 4551, diagnoses is Int thrombos hemorrhoid, which can be elaborated as Internal thrombosed hemorrhoids. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Sm bowel segment isolat, which can be elaborated as Isolation of segment of small intestine.

For the icd9_code 4552, diagnoses is Int hemrrhoid w comp NEC, which can be elaborated as Internal hemorrhoids with other complication. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Lg bowel segment isolat, which can be elaborated as Isolation of segment of large intestine.

For the icd9_code 4561, diagnoses is Esoph varices w/o bleed, which can be elaborated as Esophageal varices without mention of bleeding. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Mult seg sm bowel excis, which can be elaborated as Multiple segmental resection of small intestine.

For the icd9_code 4563, diagnoses is Sublingual varices, which can be elaborated as Sublingual varices. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Total removal sm bowel, which can be elaborated as Total removal of small intestine.

For the icd9_code 4571, diagnoses is Other lymphedema, which can be elaborated as Other lymphedema. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Opn mul seg lg intes NEC, which can be elaborated as Open and other multiple segmental resection of large intestine.

For the icd9_code 4572, diagnoses is Lymphangitis, which can be elaborated as Lymphangitis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Open cecectomy NEC, which can be elaborated as Open and other cecectomy.

For the icd9_code 4579, diagnoses is Noninfect lymph dis NOS, which can be elaborated as Unspecified noninfectious disorder of lymphatic channels. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Prt lg intes exc NEC/NOS, which can be elaborated as Other and unspecified partial excision of large intestine.

For the icd9_code 4581, diagnoses is Chronic hypotension, which can be elaborated as Chronic hypotension. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Lap tot intr-ab colectmy, which can be elaborated as Laparoscopic total intra-abdominal colectomy.

For the icd9_code 4590, diagnoses is Hemorrhage NOS, which can be elaborated as Hemorrhage, unspecified. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Intestinal anastom NOS, which can be elaborated as Intestinal anastomosis, not otherwise specified.

For the icd9_code 4592, diagnoses is Compression of vein, which can be elaborated as Compression of vein. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Sm bowel-rect stump anas, which can be elaborated as Anastomosis of small intestine to rectal stump.

For the icd9_code 4610, diagnoses is Ac maxillary sinusitis, which can be elaborated as Acute maxillary sinusitis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Colostomy NOS, which can be elaborated as Colostomy, not otherwise specified.

For the icd9_code 4611, diagnoses is Ac frontal sinusitis, which can be elaborated as Acute frontal sinusitis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Temporary colostomy, which can be elaborated as Temporary colostomy.

For the icd9_code 4613, diagnoses is Ac sphenoidal sinusitis, which can be elaborated as Acute sphenoidal sinusitis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Permanent colostomy, which can be elaborated as Permanent colostomy.

For the icd9_code 4650, diagnoses is Acute laryngopharyngitis, which can be elaborated as Acute laryngopharyngitis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Intest stoma closure NOS, which can be elaborated as Closure of intestinal stoma, not otherwise specified.

For the icd9_code 4660, diagnoses is Acute bronchitis, which can be elaborated as Acute bronchitis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Intestinal fixation NOS, which can be elaborated as Fixation of intestine, not otherwise specified.

For the icd9_code 4711, diagnoses is Polypoid sinus degen, which can be elaborated as Polypoid sinus degeneration. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Lap incid appendectomy, which can be elaborated as Laparoscopic incidental appendectomy.

For the icd9_code 4719, diagnoses is Nasal polyp NOS, which can be elaborated as Unspecified nasal polyp. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Other incid appendectomy, which can be elaborated as Other incidental appendectomy.

For the icd9_code 475, diagnoses is Peritonsillar abscess, which can be elaborated as Peritonsillar abscess. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Postop revis per nerv op, which can be elaborated as Revision of previous repair of cranial and peripheral nerves.

For the icd9_code 481, diagnoses is Pneumococcal pneumonia, which can be elaborated as Pneumococcal pneumonia [Streptococcus pneumoniae pneumonia]. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Anesth injec periph nerv, which can be elaborated as Injection of anesthetic into peripheral nerve for analgesia.

For the icd9_code 481, diagnoses is Pneumococcal pneumonia, which can be elaborated as Pneumococcal pneumonia [Streptococcus pneumoniae pneumonia]. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Proctostomy, which can be elaborated as Proctostomy.

For the icd9_code 4821, diagnoses is Pseudomonal pneumonia, which can be elaborated as Pneumonia due to Pseudomonas. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Transab proctosigmoidosc, which can be elaborated as Transabdominal proctosigmoidoscopy.

For the icd9_code 4822, diagnoses is H.influenzae pneumonia, which can be elaborated as Pneumonia due to Hemophilus influenzae [H. influenzae]. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Proctosigmoidosc thru st, which can be elaborated as Proctosigmoidoscopy through artificial stoma.

For the icd9_code 4829, diagnoses is Bacterial pneumonia NOS, which can be elaborated as Bacterial pneumonia, unspecified. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Rect/perirect dx op NEC, which can be elaborated as Other diagnostic procedures on rectum, rectosigmoid and perirectal tissue.

For the icd9_code 4831, diagnoses is Pneumonia d/t chlamydia, which can be elaborated as Pneumonia due to chlamydia. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Rad electrocoag-rect les, which can be elaborated as Radical electrocoagulation of rectal lesion or tissue.

For the icd9_code 4841, diagnoses is Pneum w cytomeg incl dis, which can be elaborated as Pneumonia in cytomegalic inclusion disease. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Soave submuc rect resect, which can be elaborated as Soave submucosal resection of rectum.

For the icd9_code 4843, diagnoses is Pneumonia in whoop cough, which can be elaborated as Pneumonia in whooping cough. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Opn pull-thru res rectum, which can be elaborated as Open pull-through resection of rectum.

For the icd9_code 4871, diagnoses is Flu w resp manifest NEC, which can be elaborated as Influenza with other respiratory manifestations. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Suture of rectal lacer, which can be elaborated as Suture of laceration of rectum.

For the icd9_code 4911, diagnoses is Mucopurul chr bronchitis, which can be elaborated as Mucopurulent chronic bronchitis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Anal fistulotomy, which can be elaborated as Anal fistulotomy.

For the icd9_code 5531, diagnoses is Umbilical hernia, which can be elaborated as Umbilical hernia without mention of obstruction or gangrene. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Renal les marsupializat, which can be elaborated as Marsupialization of kidney lesion.

For the icd9_code 5533, diagnoses is Diaphragmatic hernia, which can be elaborated as Diaphragmatic hernia without mention of obstruction or gangrene. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Perc abltn renl les/tiss, which can be elaborated as Percutaneous ablation of renal lesion or tissue.

For the icd9_code 5539, diagnoses is Hernia NOS, which can be elaborated as Hernia of unspecified site without mention of obstruction or gangrene. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Loc destr renal les NEC, which can be elaborated as Other local destruction or excision of renal lesion or tissue.

For the icd9_code 5551, diagnoses is Reg enteritis, lg intest, which can be elaborated as Regional enteritis of large intestine. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Nephroureterectomy, which can be elaborated as Nephroureterectomy.

For the icd9_code 5552, diagnoses is Reg enterit sm/lg intest, which can be elaborated as Regional enteritis of small intestine with large intestine. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Solitary kidney nephrect, which can be elaborated as Nephrectomy of remaining kidney.

For the icd9_code 5561, diagnoses is Ulcerative ileocolitis, which can be elaborated as Ulcerative (chronic) ileocolitis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Renal autotransplant, which can be elaborated as Renal autotransplantation.

For the icd9_code 5569, diagnoses is Ulceratve colitis unspcf, which can be elaborated as Ulcerative colitis, unspecified. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Kidney transplant NEC, which can be elaborated as Other kidney transplantation.

For the icd9_code 5581, diagnoses is Radiation gastroenterit, which can be elaborated as Gastroenteritis and colitis due to radiation. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Suture kidney laceration, which can be elaborated as Suture of laceration of kidney.

For the icd9_code 5582, diagnoses is Toxic gastroenteritis, which can be elaborated as Toxic gastroenteritis and colitis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Close nephrost & pyelost, which can be elaborated as Closure of nephrostomy and pyelostomy.

For the icd9_code 5583, diagnoses is Allrgic gastro & colitis, which can be elaborated as Allergic gastroenteritis and colitis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Close renal fistula NEC, which can be elaborated as Closure of other fistula of kidney.

For the icd9_code 5589, diagnoses is Noninf gastroenterit NEC, which can be elaborated as Other and unspecified noninfectious gastroenteritis and colitis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Renal repair NEC, which can be elaborated as Other repair of kidney.

For the icd9_code 6191, diagnoses is Digest-genit fistul, fem, which can be elaborated as Digestive-genital tract fistula, female. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Percut tunica aspiration, which can be elaborated as Percutaneous aspiration of tunica vaginalis.

For the icd9_code 6192, diagnoses is Genital-skin fistul, fem, which can be elaborated as Genital tract-skin fistula, female. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Excision tunica les NEC, which can be elaborated as Excision of lesion of tunica vaginalis other than hydrocele.

For the icd9_code 6199, diagnoses is Fem genital fistula NOS, which can be elaborated as Unspecified fistula involving female genital tract. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Scrotum & tunica op NEC, which can be elaborated as Other operations on scrotum and tunica vaginalis.

For the icd9_code 6211, diagnoses is Chr uterine subinvolutn, which can be elaborated as Chronic subinvolution of uterus. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Closed testicular biopsy, which can be elaborated as Closed [percutaneous] [needle] biopsy of testis.

For the icd9_code 6212, diagnoses is Hypertrophy of uterus, which can be elaborated as Hypertrophy of uterus. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Open testicular biopsy, which can be elaborated as Open biopsy of testis.

For the icd9_code 6219, diagnoses is Disorder of uterus NOS, which can be elaborated as Unspecified disorder of uterus. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Testes dx procedure NEC, which can be elaborated as Other diagnostic procedures on testes.

For the icd9_code 6241, diagnoses is Atrophy of vulva, which can be elaborated as Atrophy of vulva. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Remove both testes, which can be elaborated as Removal of both testes at same operative episode.

For the icd9_code 6242, diagnoses is Hypertrophy of clitoris, which can be elaborated as Hypertrophy of clitoris. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Remove solitary testis, which can be elaborated as Removal of remaining testis.

For the icd9_code 6261, diagnoses is Scanty menstruation, which can be elaborated as Scanty or infrequent menstruation. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Suture testicular lacer, which can be elaborated as Suture of laceration of testis.

For the icd9_code 6269, diagnoses is Menstrual disorder NOS, which can be elaborated as Unspecified disorders of menstruation and other abnormal bleeding from female genital tract. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Testicular repair NEC, which can be elaborated as Other repair of testis.

For the icd9_code 6291, diagnoses is Hydrocele canal nuck-fem, which can be elaborated as Hydrocele, canal of nuck. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Aspiration of testes, which can be elaborated as Aspiration of testis.

For the icd9_code 6299, diagnoses is Female genital dis NOS, which can be elaborated as Unspecified disorder of female genital organs. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Testicular operation NEC, which can be elaborated as Other operations on testes.

For the icd9_code 632, diagnoses is Missed abortion, which can be elaborated as Missed abortion. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Excise epididymis cyst, which can be elaborated as Excision of cyst of epididymis.

For the icd9_code 5712, diagnoses is Alcohol cirrhosis liver, which can be elaborated as Alcoholic cirrhosis of liver. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Cystotomy & adhesiolysis, which can be elaborated as Lysis of intraluminal adhesions with incision into bladder.

For the icd9_code 5718, diagnoses is Chronic liver dis NEC, which can be elaborated as Other chronic nonalcoholic liver disease. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Other suprapu cystostomy, which can be elaborated as Other suprapubic cystostomy.

For the icd9_code 5719, diagnoses is Chronic liver dis NOS, which can be elaborated as Unspecified chronic liver disease without mention of alcohol. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Cystotomy NEC, which can be elaborated as Other cystotomy.

For the icd9_code 5721, diagnoses is Portal pyemia, which can be elaborated as Portal pyemia. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Vesicostomy, which can be elaborated as Vesicostomy.

For the icd9_code 5722, diagnoses is Hepatic encephalopathy, which can be elaborated as Hepatic encephalopathy. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Revise clo vesicostomy, which can be elaborated as Revision or closure of vesicostomy.

For the icd9_code 5731, diagnoses is Hepatitis in viral dis, which can be elaborated as Hepatitis in viral diseases classified elsewhere. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Cystoscopy thru stoma, which can be elaborated as Cystoscopy through artificial stoma.

For the icd9_code 5732, diagnoses is Hepatitis in oth inf dis, which can be elaborated as Hepatitis in other infectious diseases classified elsewhere. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Cystoscopy NEC, which can be elaborated as Other cystoscopy.

For the icd9_code 5733, diagnoses is Hepatitis NOS, which can be elaborated as Hepatitis, unspecified. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Clos transureth bladd bx, which can be elaborated as Closed [transurethral] biopsy of bladder.

For the icd9_code 5734, diagnoses is Hepatic infarction, which can be elaborated as Hepatic infarction. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Open bladder biopsy, which can be elaborated as Open biopsy of bladder.

For the icd9_code 5739, diagnoses is Liver disorder NOS, which can be elaborated as Unspecified disorder of liver. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Bladder diagnos proc NEC, which can be elaborated as Other diagnostic procedures on bladder.

For the icd9_code 5759, diagnoses is Dis of gallbladder NOS, which can be elaborated as Unspecified disorder of gallbladder. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Bladder les destruct NEC, which can be elaborated as Open excision or destruction of other lesion or tissue of bladder.

For the icd9_code 5771, diagnoses is Chronic pancreatitis, which can be elaborated as Chronic pancreatitis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Radical cystectomy, which can be elaborated as Radical cystectomy.

For the icd9_code 5779, diagnoses is Pancreatic disease NOS, which can be elaborated as Unspecified disease of pancreas. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Total cystectomy NEC, which can be elaborated as Other total cystectomy.

For the icd9_code 5781, diagnoses is Blood in stool, which can be elaborated as Blood in stool. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Suture bladder lacerat, which can be elaborated as Suture of laceration of bladder.

For the icd9_code 5789, diagnoses is Gastrointest hemorr NOS, which can be elaborated as Hemorrhage of gastrointestinal tract, unspecified. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Bladder repair NEC, which can be elaborated as Other repair of bladder.

For the icd9_code 5791, diagnoses is Tropical sprue, which can be elaborated as Tropical sprue. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Bladder sphincterotomy, which can be elaborated as Sphincterotomy of bladder.

For the icd9_code 5792, diagnoses is Blind loop syndrome, which can be elaborated as Blind loop syndrome. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Bladder neck dilation, which can be elaborated as Dilation of bladder neck.

For the icd9_code 5793, diagnoses is Intest postop nonabsorb, which can be elaborated as Other and unspecified postsurgical nonabsorption. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Control bladd hemorrhage, which can be elaborated as Control of (postoperative) hemorrhage of bladder.

For the icd9_code 5794, diagnoses is Pancreatic steatorrhea, which can be elaborated as Pancreatic steatorrhea. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Insert indwelling cath, which can be elaborated as Insertion of indwelling urinary catheter.

For the icd9_code 5798, diagnoses is Intest malabsorption NEC, which can be elaborated as Other specified intestinal malabsorption. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Remove bladder stimulat, which can be elaborated as Removal of electronic bladder stimulator.

For the icd9_code 5799, diagnoses is Intest malabsorption NOS, which can be elaborated as Unspecified intestinal malabsorption. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Bladder operation NEC, which can be elaborated as Other operations on bladder.

For the icd9_code 5821, diagnoses is Chr membranous nephritis, which can be elaborated as Chronic glomerulonephritis with lesion of membranous glomerulonephritis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Perineal urethroscopy, which can be elaborated as Perineal urethroscopy.

For the icd9_code 5822, diagnoses is Chr membranoprolif nephr, which can be elaborated as Chronic glomerulonephritis with lesion of membranoproliferative glomerulonephritis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Urethroscopy NEC, which can be elaborated as Other urethroscopy.

For the icd9_code 5824, diagnoses is Chr rapid progr nephrit, which can be elaborated as Chronic glomerulonephritis with lesion of rapidly progressive glomerulonephritis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Periurethral biopsy, which can be elaborated as Biopsy of periurethral tissue.

For the icd9_code 5829, diagnoses is Chronic nephritis NOS, which can be elaborated as Chronic glomerulonephritis with unspecified pathological lesion in kidney. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Urethral dx proc NEC, which can be elaborated as Other diagnostic procedures on urethra and periurethral tissue.

For the icd9_code 5831, diagnoses is Membranous nephritis NOS, which can be elaborated as Nephritis and nephropathy, not specified as acute or chronic, with lesion of membranous glomerulonephritis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Endosc destr urethra les, which can be elaborated as Endoscopic excision or destruction of lesion or tissue of urethra.

For the icd9_code 5839, diagnoses is Nephritis NOS, which can be elaborated as Nephritis and nephropathy, not specified as acute or chronic, with unspecified pathological lesion in kidney. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Other destru urethra les, which can be elaborated as Other local excision or destruction of lesion or tissue of urethra.

For the icd9_code 5845, diagnoses is Ac kidny fail, tubr necr, which can be elaborated as Acute kidney failure with lesion of tubular necrosis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Hypo-epispadius repair, which can be elaborated as Repair of hypospadias or epispadias.

For the icd9_code 5846, diagnoses is Ac kidny fail, cort necr, which can be elaborated as Acute kidney failure with lesion of renal cortical necrosis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Ureth reconstruction NEC, which can be elaborated as Other reconstruction of urethra.

For the icd9_code 5847, diagnoses is Ac kidny fail, medu necr, which can be elaborated as Acute kidney failure with lesion of renal medullary [papillary] necrosis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Urethral meatoplasty, which can be elaborated as Urethral meatoplasty.

For the icd9_code 5849, diagnoses is Acute kidney failure NOS, which can be elaborated as Acute kidney failure, unspecified. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Urethral repair NEC, which can be elaborated as Other repair of urethra.

For the icd9_code 586, diagnoses is Renal failure NOS, which can be elaborated as Renal failure, unspecified. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Urethral dilation, which can be elaborated as Dilation of urethra.

For the icd9_code 5891, diagnoses is Bilateral small kidneys, which can be elaborated as Bilateral small kidneys. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Periurethral incision, which can be elaborated as Incision of periurethral tissue.

For the icd9_code 5899, diagnoses is Small kidney NOS, which can be elaborated as Small kidney, unspecified. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Ureth/periureth op NEC, which can be elaborated as Other operations on urethra and periurethral tissue.

For the icd9_code 5902, diagnoses is Renal/perirenal abscess, which can be elaborated as Renal and perinephric abscess. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Periren adhesiolys NEC, which can be elaborated as Other lysis of perirenal or periureteral adhesions.

For the icd9_code 5903, diagnoses is Pyeloureteritis cystica, which can be elaborated as Pyeloureteritis cystica. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Lap lys periren/uret adh, which can be elaborated as Laparoscopic lysis of perirenal or periureteral adhesions.

For the icd9_code 5909, diagnoses is Infection of kidney NOS, which can be elaborated as Infection of kidney, unspecified. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Periren/ureter incis NEC, which can be elaborated as Other incision of perirenal or periureteral tissue.

For the icd9_code 5259, diagnoses is Dental disorder NOS, which can be elaborated as Unspecified disorder of the teeth and supporting structures. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Partial pancreatect NEC, which can be elaborated as Other partial pancreatectomy.

For the icd9_code 5281, diagnoses is Cancrum oris, which can be elaborated as Cancrum oris. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Reimplant pancreatic tis, which can be elaborated as Reimplantation of pancreatic tissue.

For the icd9_code 5282, diagnoses is Oral aphthae, which can be elaborated as Oral aphthae. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Pancreatic homotransplan, which can be elaborated as Homotransplant of pancreas.

For the icd9_code 5283, diagnoses is Cellulitis/abscess mouth, which can be elaborated as Cellulitis and abscess of oral soft tissues. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Pancreatic heterotranspl, which can be elaborated as Heterotransplant of pancreas.

For the icd9_code 5284, diagnoses is Oral soft tissue cyst, which can be elaborated as Cysts of oral soft tissues. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Autotrnsplnt islets lang, which can be elaborated as Autotransplantation of cells of Islets of Langerhans.

For the icd9_code 5285, diagnoses is Diseases of lips, which can be elaborated as Diseases of lips. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Allotrnsplnt islets lang, which can be elaborated as Allotransplantation of cells of Islets of Langerhans.

For the icd9_code 5286, diagnoses is Leukoplakia oral mucosa, which can be elaborated as Leukoplakia of oral mucosa, including tongue. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Trnsplnt islets lang NOS, which can be elaborated as Transplantation of cells of Islets of Langerhans, not otherwise specified.

For the icd9_code 5292, diagnoses is Med rhomboid glossitis, which can be elaborated as Median rhomboid glossitis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Cannulation pancrea duc, which can be elaborated as Cannulation of pancreatic duct.

For the icd9_code 5293, diagnoses is Hypertroph tongue papill, which can be elaborated as Hypertrophy of tongue papillae. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Endosc inser panc stent, which can be elaborated as Endoscopic insertion of stent (tube) into pancreatic duct.

For the icd9_code 5294, diagnoses is Atrophy tongue papillae, which can be elaborated as Atrophy of tongue papillae. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Endosc remove panc stone, which can be elaborated as Endoscopic removal of stone(s) from pancreatic duct.

For the icd9_code 5295, diagnoses is Plicated tongue, which can be elaborated as Plicated tongue. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Pancreatic repair NEC, which can be elaborated as Other repair of pancreas.

For the icd9_code 5296, diagnoses is Glossodynia, which can be elaborated as Glossodynia. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Pancreatic anastomosis, which can be elaborated as Anastomosis of pancreas.

For the icd9_code 5298, diagnoses is Tongue disorder NEC, which can be elaborated as Other specified conditions of the tongue. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Endosc dil pancreat duct, which can be elaborated as Endoscopic dilation of pancreatic duct.

For the icd9_code 5299, diagnoses is Tongue disorder NOS, which can be elaborated as Unspecified condition of the tongue. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Pancreatic operation NEC, which can be elaborated as Other operations on pancreas.

For the icd9_code 5300, diagnoses is Achalasia & cardiospasm, which can be elaborated as Achalasia and cardiospasm. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Unilat ing hern rep NOS, which can be elaborated as Unilateral repair of inguinal hernia, not otherwise specified.

For the icd9_code 5303, diagnoses is Esophageal stricture, which can be elaborated as Stricture and stenosis of esophagus. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Opn dir ing hern-gft NEC, which can be elaborated as Other and open repair of direct inguinal hernia with graft or prosthesis.

For the icd9_code 5304, diagnoses is Perforation of esophagus, which can be elaborated as Perforation of esophagus. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Opn ind ing hern-gft NEC, which can be elaborated as Other and open repair of indirect inguinal hernia with graft or prosthesis.

For the icd9_code 5305, diagnoses is Dyskinesia of esophagus, which can be elaborated as Dyskinesia of esophagus. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Ing hernia rep-graft NOS, which can be elaborated as Repair of inguinal hernia with graft or prosthesis, not otherwise specified.

For the icd9_code 5361, diagnoses is Ac dilation of stomach, which can be elaborated as Acute dilatation of stomach. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Open incis hern-grft NEC, which can be elaborated as Other open incisional hernia repair with graft or prosthesis.

For the icd9_code 5362, diagnoses is Persistent vomiting, which can be elaborated as Persistent vomiting. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Lap incis hern repr-grft, which can be elaborated as Laparoscopic incisional hernia repair with graft or prosthesis.

For the icd9_code 5363, diagnoses is Gastroparesis, which can be elaborated as Gastroparesis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Lap hern ant abd-gft NEC, which can be elaborated as Other laparoscopic repair of other hernia of anterior abdominal wall with graft or prosthesis.

For the icd9_code 5369, diagnoses is Stomach function dis NOS, which can be elaborated as Unspecified functional disorder of stomach. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Opn hern ant abd-grf NEC, which can be elaborated as Other and open repair of other hernia of anterior abdominal wall with graft or prosthesis.

For the icd9_code 5371, diagnoses is Gastric diverticulum, which can be elaborated as Gastric diverticulum. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Lap abd rep-diaphr hern, which can be elaborated as Laparoscopic repair of diaphragmatic hernia, abdominal approach.

For the icd9_code 5372, diagnoses is Chronic duodenal ileus, which can be elaborated as Chronic duodenal ileus. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Opn abd diaphrm hern NEC, which can be elaborated as Other and open repair of diaphragmatic hernia, abdominal approach.

For the icd9_code 5375, diagnoses is Gastroptosis, which can be elaborated as Gastroptosis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Abd rep-diaphr hern NOS, which can be elaborated as Repair of diaphragmatic hernia, abdominal approach, not otherwise specified.

For the icd9_code 5511, diagnoses is Umbilical hernia w gangr, which can be elaborated as Umbilical hernia with gangrene. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Pyelotomy, which can be elaborated as Pyelotomy.

For the icd9_code 5521, diagnoses is Umbilical hernia w obstr, which can be elaborated as Umbilical hernia with obstruction. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Nephroscopy, which can be elaborated as Nephroscopy.

For the icd9_code 5523, diagnoses is Diaphragm hernia w obstr, which can be elaborated as Diaphragmatic hernia with obstruction. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Closed renal biopsy, which can be elaborated as Closed [percutaneous] [needle] biopsy of kidney.

For the icd9_code 5529, diagnoses is Hernia, site NOS w obstr, which can be elaborated as Hernia of unspecified site, with obstruction. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Renal diagnost proc NEC, which can be elaborated as Other diagnostic procedures on kidney.

For the icd9_code 6061, diagnoses is Oligospermia, which can be elaborated as Oligospermia. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Los excis prostatic les, which can be elaborated as Local excision of lesion of prostate.

For the icd9_code 6069, diagnoses is Male infertility NOS, which can be elaborated as Male infertility, unspecified. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Prostatectomy NEC, which can be elaborated as Other prostatectomy.

For the icd9_code 6071, diagnoses is Balanoposthitis, which can be elaborated as Balanoposthitis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Percut semin ves aspirat, which can be elaborated as Percutaneous aspiration of seminal vesicle.

For the icd9_code 6072, diagnoses is Inflam dis, penis NEC, which can be elaborated as Other inflammatory disorders of penis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Seminal vesicle incision, which can be elaborated as Incision of seminal vesicle.

For the icd9_code 6073, diagnoses is Priapism, which can be elaborated as Priapism. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Seminal vesicle excision, which can be elaborated as Excision of seminal vesicle.

For the icd9_code 6079, diagnoses is Disorder of penis NOS, which can be elaborated as Unspecified disorder of penis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Seminal vesicle op NEC, which can be elaborated as Other operations on seminal vesicles.

For the icd9_code 6081, diagnoses is Spermatocele, which can be elaborated as Spermatocele. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Periprostatic incision, which can be elaborated as Incision of periprostatic tissue.

For the icd9_code 6111, diagnoses is Hypertrophy of breast, which can be elaborated as Hypertrophy of breast. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Scrotum & tunica biopsy, which can be elaborated as Biopsy of scrotum or tunica vaginalis.

For the icd9_code 6119, diagnoses is Breast disorder NOS, which can be elaborated as Unspecified breast disorder. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Scrot/tunica dx proc NEC, which can be elaborated as Other diagnostic procedures on scrotum and tunica vaginalis.

For the icd9_code 6141, diagnoses is Chr salpingo-oophoritis, which can be elaborated as Chronic salpingitis and oophoritis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Suture scrotal lacerat, which can be elaborated as Suture of laceration of scrotum and tunica vaginalis.

For the icd9_code 6142, diagnoses is Salpingo-oophoritis NOS, which can be elaborated as Salpingitis and oophoritis not specified as acute, subacute, or chronic. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Scrotal fistula repair, which can be elaborated as Repair of scrotal fistula.

For the icd9_code 6149, diagnoses is Fem pelv inflam dis NOS, which can be elaborated as Unspecified inflammatory disease of female pelvic organs and tissues. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Scrotum/tunic repair NEC, which can be elaborated as Other repair of scrotum and tunica vaginalis.

For the icd9_code 5921, diagnoses is Calculus of ureter, which can be elaborated as Calculus of ureter. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Periren/ureteral biopsy, which can be elaborated as Biopsy of perirenal or perivesical tissue.

For the icd9_code 5929, diagnoses is Urinary calculus NOS, which can be elaborated as Urinary calculus, unspecified. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Periren/uret dx proc NEC, which can be elaborated as Other diagnostic procedures on perirenal tissue, perivesical tissue, and retroperitoneum.

For the icd9_code 5991, diagnoses is Urethral fistula, which can be elaborated as Urethral fistula. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Periren/vesicle excision, which can be elaborated as Excision of perirenal or perivesical tissue.

For the icd9_code 5992, diagnoses is Urethral diverticulum, which can be elaborated as Urethral diverticulum. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Periren/vesicle op NEC, which can be elaborated as Other operations on perirenal or perivesical tissue.

For the icd9_code 5993, diagnoses is Urethral caruncle, which can be elaborated as Urethral caruncle. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Replace ureterost tube, which can be elaborated as Replacement of ureterostomy tube.

For the icd9_code 5994, diagnoses is Urethral false passage, which can be elaborated as Urethral false passage. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Replace cystostomy tube, which can be elaborated as Replacement of cystostomy tube.

For the icd9_code 5995, diagnoses is Prolapse urethral mucosa, which can be elaborated as Prolapsed urethral mucosa. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Ultrason fragment-stone, which can be elaborated as Ultrasonic fragmentation of urinary stones.

For the icd9_code 5999, diagnoses is Urinary tract dis NOS, which can be elaborated as Unspecified disorder of urethra and urinary tract. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Urinary system op NEC, which can be elaborated as Other operations on urinary system.

For the icd9_code 6011, diagnoses is Chronic prostatitis, which can be elaborated as Chronic prostatitis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Closed prostatic biopsy, which can be elaborated as Closed [percutaneous] [needle] biopsy of prostate.

For the icd9_code 6012, diagnoses is Abscess of prostate, which can be elaborated as Abscess of prostate. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Open prostatic biopsy, which can be elaborated as Open biopsy of prostate.

For the icd9_code 6013, diagnoses is Prostatocystitis, which can be elaborated as Prostatocystitis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Clos seminal vesicles bx, which can be elaborated as Closed [percutaneous] biopsy of seminal vesicles.

For the icd9_code 6014, diagnoses is Prostatitis in oth dis, which can be elaborated as Prostatitis in diseases classified elsewhere. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Open seminal vesicles bx, which can be elaborated as Open biopsy of seminal vesicles.

For the icd9_code 6018, diagnoses is Prostatic inflam dis NEC, which can be elaborated as Other specified inflammatory diseases of prostate. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Prostatic dx proced NEC, which can be elaborated as Other diagnostic procedures on prostate and periprostatic tissue.

For the icd9_code 6019, diagnoses is Prostatitis NOS, which can be elaborated as Prostatitis, unspecified. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Semin ves dx proced NEC, which can be elaborated as Other diagnostic procedures on seminal vesicles.

For the icd9_code 6021, diagnoses is Prostatic congest/hemorr, which can be elaborated as Congestion or hemorrhage of prostate. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Transureth prostatectomy, which can be elaborated as Transurethral (ultrasound) guided laser induced prostatectomy (TULIP).

For the icd9_code 6029, diagnoses is Prostatic disorder NOS, which can be elaborated as Unspecified disorder of prostate. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Oth transureth prostatec, which can be elaborated as Other transurethral prostatectomy.

For the icd9_code 605, diagnoses is Redun prepuce & phimosis, which can be elaborated as Redundant prepuce and phimosis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Radical prostatectomy, which can be elaborated as Radical prostatectomy.

For the icd9_code 6381, diagnoses is Attem abort w hemorrhage, which can be elaborated as Failed attempted abortion complicated by delayed or excessive hemorrhage. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Suture vas & epidid lac, which can be elaborated as Suture of laceration of vas deferens and epididymis.

For the icd9_code 6382, diagnoses is Attem abort w pelv damag, which can be elaborated as Failed attempted abortion complicated by damage to pelvic organs or tissues. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Postop vas reconstruct, which can be elaborated as Reconstruction of surgically divided vas deferens.

For the icd9_code 6383, diagnoses is Attem abort w renal fail, which can be elaborated as Failed attempted abortion complicated by renal failure. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Epididymovasostomy, which can be elaborated as Epididymovasostomy.

For the icd9_code 6384, diagnoses is Attem abor w metabol dis, which can be elaborated as Failed attempted abortion complicated by metabolic disorder. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Removal vas ligature, which can be elaborated as Removal of ligature from vas deferens.

For the icd9_code 6385, diagnoses is Attem abortion w shock, which can be elaborated as Failed attempted abortion complicated by shock. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Remov vas deferens valve, which can be elaborated as Removal of valve from vas deferens.

For the icd9_code 6389, diagnoses is Attempted abort uncompl, which can be elaborated as Failed attempted abortion without mention of complication. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Vas & epididy repair NEC, which can be elaborated as Other repair of vas deferens and epididymis.

For the icd9_code 6391, diagnoses is Postabortion hemorrhage, which can be elaborated as Delayed or excessive hemorrhage following abortion or ectopic and molar pregnancies. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Spermatocele aspiration, which can be elaborated as Aspiration of spermatocele.

For the icd9_code 6392, diagnoses is Postabort pelvic damage, which can be elaborated as Damage to pelvic organs and tissues following abortion or ectopic and molar pregnancies. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Epididymotomy, which can be elaborated as Epididymotomy.

For the icd9_code 6393, diagnoses is Postabort kidney failure, which can be elaborated as Kidney failure following abortion and ectopic and molar pregnancies. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Spermatic cord incision, which can be elaborated as Incision of spermatic cord.

For the icd9_code 6394, diagnoses is Postabort metabolic dis, which can be elaborated as Metabolic disorders following abortion or ectopic and molar pregnancies. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Sperm cord adhesiolysis, which can be elaborated as Lysis of adhesions of spermatic cord.

For the icd9_code 6395, diagnoses is Postabortion shock, which can be elaborated as Shock following abortion or ectopic and molar pregnancies. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Insert valve in vas def, which can be elaborated as Insertion of valve in vas deferens.

For the icd9_code 6399, diagnoses is Postabortion compl NOS, which can be elaborated as Unspecified complication following abortion or ectopic and molar pregnancy. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Cord/epid/vas ops NEC, which can be elaborated as Other operations on spermatic card, epididymis, and vas deferens.

For the icd9_code 650, diagnoses is Normal delivery, which can be elaborated as Normal delivery. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Substern thyroidect NOS, which can be elaborated as Substernal thyroidectomy, not otherwise specified.

For the icd9_code 8171, diagnoses is Multiple fx hand-open, which can be elaborated as Multiple open fractures of hand bones. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Arthroplas metacarp wit, which can be elaborated as Arthroplasty of metacarpophalangeal and interphalangeal joint with implant.

For the icd9_code 8180, diagnoses is Fx arm mult/NOS-closed, which can be elaborated as Ill-defined closed fractures of upper limb. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Oth totl shouldr replace, which can be elaborated as Other total shoulder replacement.

For the icd9_code 8181, diagnoses is Fx arm mult/NOS-open, which can be elaborated as Ill-defined open fractures of upper limb. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Partial shoulder replace, which can be elaborated as Partial shoulder replacement.

For the icd9_code 8191, diagnoses is Fx arms w rib/stern-open, which can be elaborated as Multiple open fractures involving both upper limbs, and upper limb with rib(s) and sternum. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Arthrocentesis, which can be elaborated as Arthrocentesis.

For the icd9_code 8209, diagnoses is Fx neck of femur NOS-opn, which can be elaborated as Open fracture of unspecified part of neck of femur. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Inc soft tissue hand NEC, which can be elaborated as Other incision of soft tissue of hand.

For the icd9_code 8221, diagnoses is Fracture patella-open, which can be elaborated as Open fracture of patella. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Exc les tend sheath hand, which can be elaborated as Excision of lesion of tendon sheath of hand.

For the icd9_code 7050, diagnoses is Anhidrosis, which can be elaborated as Anhidrosis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Cystocel/rectocel repair, which can be elaborated as Repair of cystocele and rectocele.

For the icd9_code 7051, diagnoses is Prickly heat, which can be elaborated as Prickly heat. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Cystocele repair, which can be elaborated as Repair of cystocele.

For the icd9_code 7061, diagnoses is Acne NEC, which can be elaborated as Other acne. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Vaginal construction, which can be elaborated as Vaginal construction.

For the icd9_code 7062, diagnoses is Sebaceous cyst, which can be elaborated as Sebaceous cyst. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Vaginal reconstruction, which can be elaborated as Vaginal reconstruction.

For the icd9_code 7063, diagnoses is Seborrhea, which can be elaborated as Seborrhea. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Vaginal const w grf/pros, which can be elaborated as Vaginal construction with graft or prosthesis.

For the icd9_code 7533, diagnoses is Kidney anomaly NEC, which can be elaborated as Other specified anomalies of kidney. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Fetal blood sample/bx, which can be elaborated as Fetal blood sampling and biopsy.

For the icd9_code 7534, diagnoses is Ureteral anomaly NEC, which can be elaborated as Other specified anomalies of ureter. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Other fetal monitoring, which can be elaborated as Other fetal monitoring.

For the icd9_code 7535, diagnoses is Bladder exstrophy, which can be elaborated as Exstrophy of urinary bladder. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Dx proc fetus/amnion NEC, which can be elaborated as Other diagnostic procedures on fetus and amnion.

For the icd9_code 7536, diagnoses is Congen urethral stenosis, which can be elaborated as Atresia and stenosis of urethra and bladder neck. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Correction fetal defect, which can be elaborated as Correction of fetal defect.

For the icd9_code 7537, diagnoses is Anomalies of urachus, which can be elaborated as Anomalies of urachus. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Amnioinfusion, which can be elaborated as Amnioinfusion.

For the icd9_code 7538, diagnoses is Cystourethral anom NEC, which can be elaborated as Other specified anomalies of bladder and urethra. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Fetal pulse oximetry, which can be elaborated as Fetal pulse oximetry.

For the icd9_code 6819, diagnoses is Cellulitis of digit NOS, which can be elaborated as Cellulitis and abscess of unspecified digit. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Uterus/adnex dx proc NEC, which can be elaborated as Other diagnostic procedures on uterus and supporting structures.

For the icd9_code 6821, diagnoses is Cellulitis of neck, which can be elaborated as Cellulitis and abscess of neck. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Endomet synechiae divis, which can be elaborated as Division of endometrial synechiae.

For the icd9_code 6822, diagnoses is Cellulitis of trunk, which can be elaborated as Cellulitis and abscess of trunk. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Incision uterine septum, which can be elaborated as Incision or excision of congenital septum of uterus.

For the icd9_code 6823, diagnoses is Cellulitis of arm, which can be elaborated as Cellulitis and abscess of upper arm and forearm. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Endometrial ablation, which can be elaborated as Endometrial ablation.

For the icd9_code 6824, diagnoses is Cellulitis of hand, which can be elaborated as Cellulitis and abscess of hand, except fingers and thumb. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Uterine art emb w coils, which can be elaborated as Uterine artery embolization [UAE] with coils.

For the icd9_code 6825, diagnoses is Cellulitis of buttock, which can be elaborated as Cellulitis and abscess of buttock. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Uterine art emb w/o coil, which can be elaborated as Uterine artery embolization [UAE] without coils.

For the icd9_code 6829, diagnoses is Cellulitis NOS, which can be elaborated as Cellulitis and abscess of unspecified sites. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Uterine les destruct NEC, which can be elaborated as Other excision or destruction of lesion of uterus.

For the icd9_code 6851, diagnoses is Pilonidal cyst w/o absc, which can be elaborated as Pilonidal cyst without mention of abscess. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Lap ast vag hysterectomy, which can be elaborated as Laparoscopically assisted vaginal hysterectomy (LAVH).

For the icd9_code 7956, diagnoses is False pos sero test-syph, which can be elaborated as False positive serological test for syphilis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Op red-tibia/fib epiphys, which can be elaborated as Open reduction of separated epiphysis, tibia and fibula.

For the icd9_code 7960, diagnoses is Abn toxicologic finding, which can be elaborated as Nonspecific abnormal toxicological findings. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Open fx site debride NOS, which can be elaborated as Debridement of open fracture, unspecified site.

For the icd9_code 7961, diagnoses is Abnormal reflex, which can be elaborated as Abnormal reflex. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Debrid open fx-humerus, which can be elaborated as Debridement of open fracture site, humerus.

For the icd9_code 7962, diagnoses is Elev bl pres w/o hypertn, which can be elaborated as Elevated blood pressure reading without diagnosis of hypertension. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Debrid opn fx-radius/uln, which can be elaborated as Debridement of open fracture site, radius and ulna.

For the icd9_code 7963, diagnoses is Low blood press reading, which can be elaborated as Nonspecific low blood pressure reading. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Debrid opn fx-metac/car, which can be elaborated as Debridement of open fracture site, carpals and metacarpals.

For the icd9_code 7964, diagnoses is Abn clinical finding NEC, which can be elaborated as Other abnormal clinical findings. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Debrid opn fx-finger, which can be elaborated as Debridement of open fracture site, phalanges of hand.

For the icd9_code 7965, diagnoses is Abn find antenatl screen, which can be elaborated as Abnormal finding on antenatal screening. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Debrid opn fx-femur, which can be elaborated as Debridement of open fracture site, femur.

For the icd9_code 7966, diagnoses is Abnorm neonate screening, which can be elaborated as Abnormal findings on neonatal screening. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Debrid opn fx-tibia/fib, which can be elaborated as Debridement of open fracture site, tibia and fibula.

For the icd9_code 7969, diagnoses is Abnormal findings NEC, which can be elaborated as Other nonspecific abnormal findings. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Open fx site debride NEC, which can be elaborated as Debridement of open fracture site, other specified bone.

For the icd9_code 7980, diagnoses is Sudden infant death synd, which can be elaborated as Sudden infant death syndrome. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Open reduc-dislocat NOS, which can be elaborated as Open reduction of dislocation of unspecified site.

For the icd9_code 7981, diagnoses is Instantaneous death, which can be elaborated as Instantaneous death. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Opn reduc disloc-shouldr, which can be elaborated as Open reduction of dislocation of shoulder.

For the icd9_code 7982, diagnoses is Death within 24 hr sympt, which can be elaborated as Death occurring in less than 24 hours from onset of symptoms, not otherwise explained. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Open reduc-elbow disloc, which can be elaborated as Open reduction of dislocation of elbow.

For the icd9_code 7989, diagnoses is Unattended death, which can be elaborated as Unattended death. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Open reduc-dislocat NEC, which can be elaborated as Open reduction of dislocation of other specified sites.

For the icd9_code 7991, diagnoses is Respiratory arrest, which can be elaborated as Respiratory arrest. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Humerus injury op NOS, which can be elaborated as Unspecified operation on bone injury, humerus.

For the icd9_code 7993, diagnoses is Debility NOS, which can be elaborated as Debility, unspecified. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Metacarp/carp inj op NOS, which can be elaborated as Unspecified operation on bone injury, carpals and metacarpals.

For the icd9_code 7994, diagnoses is Cachexia, which can be elaborated as Cachexia. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Finger injury op NOS, which can be elaborated as Unspecified operation on bone injury, phalanges of hand.

For the icd9_code 8241, diagnoses is Fx medial malleolus-open, which can be elaborated as Fracture of medial malleolus, open. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Suture tendn sheath hand, which can be elaborated as Suture of tendon sheath of hand.

For the icd9_code 8242, diagnoses is Fx lateral malleolus-cl, which can be elaborated as Fracture of lateral malleolus, closed. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Delay sut flex tend hand, which can be elaborated as Delayed suture of flexor tendon of hand.

For the icd9_code 8243, diagnoses is Fx lateral malleolus-opn, which can be elaborated as Fracture of lateral malleolus, open. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Delay sut hand tend NEC, which can be elaborated as Delayed suture of other tendon of hand.

For the icd9_code 8244, diagnoses is Fx bimalleolar-closed, which can be elaborated as Bimalleolar fracture, closed. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Sutur flex tend hand NEC, which can be elaborated as Other suture of flexor tendon of hand.

For the icd9_code 8245, diagnoses is Fx bimalleolar-open, which can be elaborated as Bimalleolar fracture, open. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Suture hand tendon NEC, which can be elaborated as Other suture of other tendon of hand.

For the icd9_code 8246, diagnoses is Fx trimalleolar-closed, which can be elaborated as Trimalleolar fracture, closed. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Suture hand muscle/fasc, which can be elaborated as Suture of muscle or fascia of hand.

For the icd9_code 8251, diagnoses is Fracture calcaneus-open, which can be elaborated as Fracture of calcaneus, open. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Hand tendon advancement, which can be elaborated as Advancement of tendon of hand.

For the icd9_code 8261, diagnoses is Fx phalanx, foot-open, which can be elaborated as Open fracture of one or more phalanges of foot. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Pollicization operation, which can be elaborated as Pollicization operation carrying over nerves and blood supply.

For the icd9_code 8271, diagnoses is Fx lower limb NEC-open, which can be elaborated as Other, multiple and ill-defined fractures of lower limb, open. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Hand tend pulley reconst, which can be elaborated as Tendon pulley reconstruction of hand.

For the icd9_code 8281, diagnoses is Fx legs w arm/rib-open, which can be elaborated as Open multiple fractures involving both lower limbs, lower with upper limb, and lower limb(s) with rib(s) and sternum. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Transfer of finger, which can be elaborated as Transfer of finger, except thumb.

For the icd9_code 6861, diagnoses is Pyogenic granuloma, which can be elaborated as Pyogenic granuloma of skin and subcutaneous tissue. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Lap radical abdomnl hyst, which can be elaborated as Laparoscopic radical abdominal hysterectomy.

For the icd9_code 6869, diagnoses is Local skin infection NOS, which can be elaborated as Unspecified local infection of skin and subcutaneous tissue. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Radical abd hyst NEC/NOS, which can be elaborated as Other and unspecified radical abdominal hysterectomy.

For the icd9_code 6921, diagnoses is Oil & grease dermatitis, which can be elaborated as Contact dermatitis and other eczema due to oils and greases. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Interposit op uterin lig, which can be elaborated as Interposition operation.

For the icd9_code 6922, diagnoses is Solvent dermatitis, which can be elaborated as Contact dermatitis and other eczema due to solvents. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Uterine suspension NEC, which can be elaborated as Other uterine suspension.

For the icd9_code 6923, diagnoses is Topical med dermatitis, which can be elaborated as Contact dermatitis and other eczema due to drugs and medicines in contact with skin. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Vag repair invers uterus, which can be elaborated as Vaginal repair of chronic inversion of uterus.

For the icd9_code 6929, diagnoses is Dermatitis NOS, which can be elaborated as Contact dermatitis and other eczema, unspecified cause. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Uterus/adnexa repair NEC, which can be elaborated as Other repair of uterus and supporting structures.

For the icd9_code 6941, diagnoses is Subcorneal pust dermatos, which can be elaborated as Subcorneal pustular dermatosis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Suture uterine lacerat, which can be elaborated as Suture of laceration of uterus.

For the icd9_code 6942, diagnoses is Juven dermat herpetiform, which can be elaborated as Juvenile dermatitis herpetiformis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Closure uterine fistula, which can be elaborated as Closure of fistula of uterus.

For the icd9_code 6949, diagnoses is Bullous dermatoses NOS, which can be elaborated as Unspecified bullous dermatoses. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Uterine repair NEC, which can be elaborated as Other repair of uterus.

For the icd9_code 6952, diagnoses is Erythema nodosum, which can be elaborated as Erythema nodosum. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Aspirat curet-post deliv, which can be elaborated as Aspiration curettage following delivery or abortion.

For the icd9_code 7999, diagnoses is Unkn cause morb/mort NEC, which can be elaborated as Other unknown and unspecified cause of morbidity and mortality. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Unspec op-bone inj NEC, which can be elaborated as Unspecified operation on bone injury, other specified bone.

For the icd9_code 8291, diagnoses is Fracture NOS-open, which can be elaborated as Fracture of unspecified bone, open. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Lysis of hand adhesions, which can be elaborated as Lysis of adhesions of hand.

For the icd9_code 8301, diagnoses is Dislocation jaw-open, which can be elaborated as Open dislocation of jaw. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Tendon sheath explorat, which can be elaborated as Exploration of tendon sheath.

For the icd9_code 6959, diagnoses is Erythematous cond NOS, which can be elaborated as Unspecified erythematous condition. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Aspir curett uterus NEC, which can be elaborated as Other aspiration curettage of uterus.

For the icd9_code 700, diagnoses is Corns and callosities, which can be elaborated as Corns and callosities. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Adrenal exploration NOS, which can be elaborated as Exploration of adrenal field, not otherwise specified.

For the icd9_code 700, diagnoses is Corns and callosities, which can be elaborated as Corns and callosities. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Culdocentesis, which can be elaborated as Culdocentesis.

For the icd9_code 7011, diagnoses is Keratoderma, acquired, which can be elaborated as Keratoderma, acquired. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Hymenotomy, which can be elaborated as Hymenotomy.

For the icd9_code 7012, diagnoses is Acq acanthosis nigricans, which can be elaborated as Acquired acanthosis nigricans. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Culdotomy, which can be elaborated as Culdotomy.

For the icd9_code 7013, diagnoses is Striae atrophicae, which can be elaborated as Striae atrophicae. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Intralum vag adhesiolys, which can be elaborated as Lysis of intraluminal adhesions of vagina.

For the icd9_code 7014, diagnoses is Keloid scar, which can be elaborated as Keloid scar. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Vaginotomy NEC, which can be elaborated as Other vaginotomy.

For the icd9_code 8398, diagnoses is Dislocation NEC-closed, which can be elaborated as Closed dislocation, multiple and ill-defined sites. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Soft tissue inject NEC, which can be elaborated as Injection of locally acting therapeutic substance into other soft tissue.

For the icd9_code 8399, diagnoses is Dislocation NEC-open, which can be elaborated as Open dislocation, multiple and ill-defined sites. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Mus/ten/fas/bur op NEC, which can be elaborated as Other operations on muscle, tendon, fascia, and bursa.

For the icd9_code 8400, diagnoses is Sprain acromioclavicular, which can be elaborated as Acromioclavicular (joint) (ligament) sprain. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Upper limb amputat NOS, which can be elaborated as Upper limb amputation, not otherwise specified.

For the icd9_code 8401, diagnoses is Sprain coracoclavicular, which can be elaborated as Coracoclavicular (ligament) sprain. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Finger amputation, which can be elaborated as Amputation and disarticulation of finger.

For the icd9_code 8402, diagnoses is Sprain coracohumeral, which can be elaborated as Coracohumeral (ligament) sprain. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Thumb amputation, which can be elaborated as Amputation and disarticulation of thumb.

For the icd9_code 8403, diagnoses is Sprain infraspinatus, which can be elaborated as Infraspinatus (muscle) (tendon) sprain. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Amputation through hand, which can be elaborated as Amputation through hand.

For the icd9_code 8404, diagnoses is Sprain rotator cuff, which can be elaborated as Rotator cuff (capsule) sprain. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Disarticulation of wrist, which can be elaborated as Disarticulation of wrist.

For the icd9_code 8405, diagnoses is Sprain subscapularis, which can be elaborated as Subscapularis (muscle) sprain. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Amputation thru forearm, which can be elaborated as Amputation through forearm.

For the icd9_code 8406, diagnoses is Sprain supraspinatus, which can be elaborated as Supraspinatus (muscle) (tendon) sprain. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Disarticulation of elbow, which can be elaborated as Disarticulation of elbow.

For the icd9_code 8407, diagnoses is Sup glenoid labrm lesion, which can be elaborated as Superior glenoid labrum lesion. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Amputation thru humerus, which can be elaborated as Amputation through humerus.

For the icd9_code 8408, diagnoses is Sprain shoulder/arm NEC, which can be elaborated as Sprains and strains of other specified sites of shoulder and upper arm. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Shoulder disarticulation, which can be elaborated as Disarticulation of shoulder.

For the icd9_code 8409, diagnoses is Sprain shoulder/arm NOS, which can be elaborated as Sprains and strains of unspecified site of shoulder and upper arm. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Forequarter amputation, which can be elaborated as Interthoracoscapular amputation.

For the icd9_code 8410, diagnoses is Sprain radial collat lig, which can be elaborated as Radial collateral ligament sprain. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Lower limb amputat NOS, which can be elaborated as Lower limb amputation, not otherwise specified.

For the icd9_code 8411, diagnoses is Sprain ulnar collat lig, which can be elaborated as Ulnar collateral ligament sprain. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Toe amputation, which can be elaborated as Amputation of toe.

For the icd9_code 8412, diagnoses is Sprain radiohumeral, which can be elaborated as Radiohumeral (joint) sprain. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Amputation through foot, which can be elaborated as Amputation through foot.

For the icd9_code 8413, diagnoses is Sprain ulnohumeral, which can be elaborated as Ulnohumeral (joint) sprain. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Disarticulation of ankle, which can be elaborated as Disarticulation of ankle.

For the icd9_code 8418, diagnoses is Sprain elbow/forearm NEC, which can be elaborated as Sprains and strains of other specified sites of elbow and forearm. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Disarticulation of hip, which can be elaborated as Disarticulation of hip.

For the icd9_code 8419, diagnoses is Sprain elbow/forearm NOS, which can be elaborated as Sprains and strains of unspecified site of elbow and forearm. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Hindquarter amputation, which can be elaborated as Abdominopelvic amputation.

For the icd9_code 8440, diagnoses is Sprain lateral coll lig, which can be elaborated as Sprain of lateral collateral ligament of knee. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Implnt/fit pros limb NOS, which can be elaborated as Implantation or fitting of prosthetic limb device, not otherwise specified.

For the icd9_code 8441, diagnoses is Sprain medial collat lig, which can be elaborated as Sprain of medial collateral ligament of knee. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Fit up arm/should prosth, which can be elaborated as Fitting of prosthesis of upper arm and shoulder.

For the icd9_code 8442, diagnoses is Sprain cruciate lig knee, which can be elaborated as Sprain of cruciate ligament of knee. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Fit lo arm/hand prosthes, which can be elaborated as Fitting of prosthesis of lower arm and hand.

For the icd9_code 8443, diagnoses is Sprain super tibiofibula, which can be elaborated as Sprain of tibiofibular (joint) (ligament) superior, of knee. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Fit arm prosthesis NOS, which can be elaborated as Fitting of prosthesis of arm, not otherwise specified.

For the icd9_code 7599, diagnoses is Congenital anomaly NOS, which can be elaborated as Congenital anomaly, unspecified. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Obstetric operation NEC, which can be elaborated as Other obstetric operations.

For the icd9_code 7601, diagnoses is Matern urine dis aff NB, which can be elaborated as Maternal renal and urinary tract diseases affecting fetus or newborn. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Facial bone sequestrect, which can be elaborated as Sequestrectomy of facial bone.

For the icd9_code 7609, diagnoses is Maternal cond NOS aff NB, which can be elaborated as Unspecified maternal condition affecting fetus or newborn. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Facial bone incision NEC, which can be elaborated as Other incision of facial bone.

For the icd9_code 7611, diagnoses is Premat rupt memb aff NB, which can be elaborated as Premature rupture of membranes affecting fetus or newborn. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Facial bone biopsy, which can be elaborated as Biopsy of facial bone.

For the icd9_code 7619, diagnoses is Matern compl NOS aff NB, which can be elaborated as Unspecified maternal complication of pregnancy affecting fetus or newborn. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Facial bone dx proc NEC, which can be elaborated as Other diagnostic procedures on facial bones and joints.

For the icd9_code 7631, diagnoses is Malpos/dispro NEC aff NB, which can be elaborated as Other malpresentation, malposition, and disproportion during labor and delivery affecting fetus or newborn. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Partial mandibulectomy, which can be elaborated as Partial mandibulectomy.

For the icd9_code 7639, diagnoses is Compl deliv NOS aff NB, which can be elaborated as Unspecified complication of labor and delivery affecting fetus or newborn. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Part facial ostectom NEC, which can be elaborated as Partial ostectomy of other facial bone.

For the icd9_code 8361, diagnoses is Tear lat menisc knee-cur, which can be elaborated as Tear of lateral cartilage or meniscus of knee, current. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Tendon sheath suture, which can be elaborated as Suture of tendon sheath.

For the icd9_code 8362, diagnoses is Tear meniscus NEC-curren, which can be elaborated as Other tear of cartilage or meniscus of knee, current. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Delayed tendon suture, which can be elaborated as Delayed suture of tendon.

For the icd9_code 8363, diagnoses is Dislocat patella-closed, which can be elaborated as Dislocation of patella, closed. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Rotator cuff repair, which can be elaborated as Rotator cuff repair.

For the icd9_code 8364, diagnoses is Dislocation patella-open, which can be elaborated as Dislocation of patella, open. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Other suture of tendon, which can be elaborated as Other suture of tendon.

For the icd9_code 8371, diagnoses is Dislocation ankle-open, which can be elaborated as Open dislocation of ankle. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Tendon advancement, which can be elaborated as Advancement of tendon.

For the icd9_code 7078, diagnoses is Chronic skin ulcer NEC, which can be elaborated as Chronic ulcer of other specified sites. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Vag susp/fix w grft/pros, which can be elaborated as Vaginal suspension and fixation with graft or prosthesis.

For the icd9_code 7079, diagnoses is Chronic skin ulcer NOS, which can be elaborated as Chronic ulcer of unspecified site. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Vaginal repair NEC, which can be elaborated as Other repair of vagina.

For the icd9_code 7091, diagnoses is Vascular disord of skin, which can be elaborated as Vascular disorders of skin. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Vaginal operation NEC, which can be elaborated as Other operations on vagina.

For the icd9_code 7092, diagnoses is Scar & fibrosis of skin, which can be elaborated as Scar conditions and fibrosis of skin. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Cul-de-sac operation NEC, which can be elaborated as Other operations on cul-de-sac.

For the icd9_code 7093, diagnoses is Degenerative skin disord, which can be elaborated as Degenerative skin disorders. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Cul-de-sac grf/pros NEC, which can be elaborated as Other operations on cul-de-sac with graft or prosthesis.

For the icd9_code 7094, diagnoses is Foreign body granul-skin, which can be elaborated as Foreign body granuloma of skin and subcutaneous tissue. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Insert biological graft, which can be elaborated as Insertion of biological graft.

For the icd9_code 7101, diagnoses is Systemic sclerosis, which can be elaborated as Systemic sclerosis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Vulvar adhesiolysis, which can be elaborated as Lysis of vulvar adhesions.

For the icd9_code 7109, diagnoses is Diff connect tis dis NOS, which can be elaborated as Unspecified diffuse connective tissue disease. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Incis vulva/perineum NEC, which can be elaborated as Other incision of vulva and perineum.

For the icd9_code 7562, diagnoses is Cervical rib, which can be elaborated as Cervical rib. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Repair ob lac rect/anus, which can be elaborated as Repair of current obstetric laceration of rectum and sphincter ani.

For the icd9_code 7569, diagnoses is Musculoskel anom NEC/NOS, which can be elaborated as Other and unspecified anomalies of musculoskeletal system. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Repair ob laceration NEC, which can be elaborated as Repair of other current obstetric laceration.

For the icd9_code 7591, diagnoses is Adrenal gland anomaly, which can be elaborated as Anomalies of adrenal gland. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Evac ob inc hemat perin, which can be elaborated as Evacuation of obstetrical incisional hematoma of perineum.

For the icd9_code 7592, diagnoses is Endocrine anomaly NEC, which can be elaborated as Anomalies of other endocrine glands. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Evac ob hemat vulva/vag, which can be elaborated as Evacuation of other hematoma of vulva or vagina.

For the icd9_code 7593, diagnoses is Situs inversus, which can be elaborated as Situs inversus. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Surg corr invert uterus, which can be elaborated as Surgical correction of inverted uterus.

For the icd9_code 7594, diagnoses is Conjoined twins, which can be elaborated as Conjoined twins. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Man replac invert uterus, which can be elaborated as Immediate postpartum manual replacement of inverted uterus.

For the icd9_code 7171, diagnoses is Derang ant med meniscus, which can be elaborated as Derangement of anterior horn of medial meniscus. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Suture vulvar laceration, which can be elaborated as Suture of laceration of vulva or perineum.

For the icd9_code 7172, diagnoses is Derang post med meniscus, which can be elaborated as Derangement of posterior horn of medial meniscus. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Repair vulvar fistula, which can be elaborated as Repair of fistula of vulva or perineum.

For the icd9_code 7707, diagnoses is Perinatal chr resp dis, which can be elaborated as Chronic respiratory disease arising in the perinatal period. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Tibia/fibula sequestrec, which can be elaborated as Sequestrectomy, tibia and fibula.

For the icd9_code 8020, diagnoses is Nasal bone fx-closed, which can be elaborated as Closed fracture of nasal bones. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Arthroscopy NOS, which can be elaborated as Arthroscopy, unspecified site.

For the icd9_code 8021, diagnoses is Nasal bone fx-open, which can be elaborated as Open fracture of nasal bones. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Shoulder arthroscopy, which can be elaborated as Arthroscopy, shoulder.

For the icd9_code 8024, diagnoses is Fx malar/maxillary-close, which can be elaborated as Closed fracture of malar and maxillary bones. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Hand & finger arthroscop, which can be elaborated as Arthroscopy, hand and finger.

For the icd9_code 8025, diagnoses is Fx malar/maxillary-open, which can be elaborated as Open fracture of malar and maxillary bones. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Hip arthroscopy, which can be elaborated as Arthroscopy, hip.

For the icd9_code 8026, diagnoses is Fx orbital floor-closed, which can be elaborated as Closed fracture of orbital floor (blow-out). The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Knee arthroscopy, which can be elaborated as Arthroscopy, knee.

For the icd9_code 8027, diagnoses is Fx orbital floor-open, which can be elaborated as Open fracture of orbital floor (blow-out). The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Ankle arthroscopy, which can be elaborated as Arthroscopy, ankle.

For the icd9_code 8028, diagnoses is Fx facial bone NEC-close, which can be elaborated as Closed fracture of other facial bones. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Foot & toe arthroscopy, which can be elaborated as Arthroscopy, foot and toe.

For the icd9_code 8029, diagnoses is Fx facial bone NEC-open, which can be elaborated as Open fracture of other facial bones. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Arthroscopy NEC, which can be elaborated as Arthroscopy, other specified sites.

For the icd9_code 8601, diagnoses is Traum pneumothorax-open, which can be elaborated as Traumatic pneumothorax with open wound into thorax. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Aspiration skin & subq, which can be elaborated as Aspiration of skin and subcutaneous tissue.

For the icd9_code 8602, diagnoses is Traum hemothorax-closed, which can be elaborated as Traumatic hemothorax without mention of open wound into thorax. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Skin defect tattooing, which can be elaborated as Injection or tattooing of skin lesion or defect.

For the icd9_code 8603, diagnoses is Traum hemothorax-open, which can be elaborated as Traumatic hemothorax with open wound into thorax. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Incision pilonidal sinus, which can be elaborated as Incision of pilonidal sinus or cyst.

For the icd9_code 8604, diagnoses is Traum pneumohemothor-cl, which can be elaborated as Traumatic pneumohemothorax without mention of open wound into thorax. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Other skin & subq i & d, which can be elaborated as Other incision with drainage of skin and subcutaneous tissue.

For the icd9_code 8605, diagnoses is Traum pneumohemothor-opn, which can be elaborated as Traumatic pneumohemothorax with open wound into thorax. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Removal fb/dev from skin, which can be elaborated as Incision with removal of foreign body or device from skin and subcutaneous tissue.

For the icd9_code 7661, diagnoses is Heavy-for-date infan NEC, which can be elaborated as Other "heavy-for-dates" infants. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Cl osteoplasty mand rami, which can be elaborated as Closed osteoplasty [osteotomy] of mandibular ramus.

For the icd9_code 7670, diagnoses is Cerebral hem at birth, which can be elaborated as Subdural and cerebral hemorrhage. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Reduction facial fx NOS, which can be elaborated as Reduction of facial fracture, not otherwise specified.

For the icd9_code 7672, diagnoses is Clavicle fx at birth, which can be elaborated as Fracture of clavicle due to birth trauma. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Opn reduct malar/zygo fx, which can be elaborated as Open reduction of malar and zygomatic fracture.

For the icd9_code 7673, diagnoses is Bone injury NEC at birth, which can be elaborated as Other injuries to skeleton due to birth trauma. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Cl reduct maxillary fx, which can be elaborated as Closed reduction of maxillary fracture.

For the icd9_code 7674, diagnoses is Spinal cord inj at birth, which can be elaborated as Injury to spine and spinal cord due to birth trauma. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Open reduct maxillary fx, which can be elaborated as Open reduction of maxillary fracture.

For the icd9_code 7675, diagnoses is Facial nerve inj-birth, which can be elaborated as Facial nerve injury due to birth trauma. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Cl reduct mandible fx, which can be elaborated as Closed reduction of mandibular fracture.

For the icd9_code 7676, diagnoses is Brach plexus inj-birth, which can be elaborated as Injury to brachial plexus due to birth trauma. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Open reduct mandible fx, which can be elaborated as Open reduction of mandibular fracture.

For the icd9_code 7677, diagnoses is Nerve inj NEC at birth, which can be elaborated as Other cranial and peripheral nerve injuries due to birth trauma. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Open reduct alveolar fx, which can be elaborated as Open reduction of alveolar fracture.

For the icd9_code 7678, diagnoses is Birth trauma NEC, which can be elaborated as Other specified birth trauma. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Cl reduct facial fx NEC, which can be elaborated as Other closed reduction of facial fracture.

For the icd9_code 7679, diagnoses is Birth trauma NOS, which can be elaborated as Birth trauma, unspecified. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Open reduct face fx NEC, which can be elaborated as Other open reduction of facial fracture.

For the icd9_code 769, diagnoses is Respiratory distress syn, which can be elaborated as Respiratory distress syndrome in newborn. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Total exc pituitary NOS, which can be elaborated as Total excision of pituitary gland, unspecified approach.

For the icd9_code 7700, diagnoses is Congenital pneumonia, which can be elaborated as Congenital pneumonia. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Sequestrectomy NOS, which can be elaborated as Sequestrectomy, unspecified site.

For the icd9_code 7702, diagnoses is NB interstit emphysema, which can be elaborated as Interstitial emphysema and related conditions. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Humerus sequestrectomy, which can be elaborated as Sequestrectomy, humerus.

For the icd9_code 7703, diagnoses is NB pulmonary hemorrhage, which can be elaborated as Pulmonary hemorrhage. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Radius & ulna sequestrec, which can be elaborated as Sequestrectomy, radius and ulna.

For the icd9_code 7704, diagnoses is Primary atelectasis, which can be elaborated as Primary atelectasis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Metacarp/carp sequestrec, which can be elaborated as Sequestrectomy, carpals and metacarpals.

For the icd9_code 7705, diagnoses is NB atelectasis NEC/NOS, which can be elaborated as Other and unspecified atelectasis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Femoral sequestrectomy, which can be elaborated as Sequestrectomy, femur.

For the icd9_code 7706, diagnoses is NB transitory tachypnea, which can be elaborated as Transitory tachypnea of newborn. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Patellar sequestrectomy, which can be elaborated as Sequestrectomy, patella.

For the icd9_code 8448, diagnoses is Sprain of knee & leg NEC, which can be elaborated as Sprains and strains of other specified sites of knee and leg. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Implant leg prosthesis, which can be elaborated as Implantation of prosthetic device of leg.

For the icd9_code 8460, diagnoses is Sprain lumbosacral, which can be elaborated as Sprain of lumbosacral (joint) (ligament). The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Insert disc pros NOS, which can be elaborated as Insertion of spinal disc prosthesis, not otherwise specified.

For the icd9_code 8461, diagnoses is Sprain sacroiliac, which can be elaborated as Sprain of sacroiliac ligament. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Ins part disc pros cerv, which can be elaborated as Insertion of partial spinal disc prosthesis, cervical.

For the icd9_code 8462, diagnoses is Sprain sacrospinatus, which can be elaborated as Sprain of sacrospinatus (ligament). The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Ins tot disc prost cerv, which can be elaborated as Insertion of total spinal disc prosthesis, cervical.

For the icd9_code 8463, diagnoses is Sprain sacrotuberous, which can be elaborated as Sprain of sacrotuberous (ligament). The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Ins spin disc pros thor, which can be elaborated as Insertion of spinal disc prosthesis, thoracic.

For the icd9_code 8468, diagnoses is Sprain sacroiliac NEC, which can be elaborated as Sprain of other specified sites of sacroiliac region. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Revise disc prosth lumb, which can be elaborated as Revision or replacement of artificial spinal disc prosthesis, lumbosacral.

For the icd9_code 8469, diagnoses is Sprain sacroiliac NOS, which can be elaborated as Sprain of unspecified site of sacroiliac region. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Revise disc prosth NOS, which can be elaborated as Revision or replacement of artificial spinal disc prosthesis, not otherwise specified.

For the icd9_code 8471, diagnoses is Sprain thoracic region, which can be elaborated as Sprain of thoracic. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is App ext fix dev-monoplan, which can be elaborated as Application of external fixator device, monoplanar system.

For the icd9_code 8472, diagnoses is Sprain lumbar region, which can be elaborated as Sprain of lumbar. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is App ext fix dev-ring sys, which can be elaborated as Application of external fixator device, ring system.

For the icd9_code 8473, diagnoses is Sprain of sacrum, which can be elaborated as Sprain of sacrum. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is App hybrid ext fix dev, which can be elaborated as Application of hybrid external fixator device.

For the icd9_code 8480, diagnoses is Sprain of nasal septum, which can be elaborated as Sprain of septal cartilage of nose. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Ins/repl interspine dev, which can be elaborated as Insertion or replacement of interspinous process device(s).

For the icd9_code 8481, diagnoses is Sprain of jaw, which can be elaborated as Sprain of jaw. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Rev interspine device, which can be elaborated as Revision of interspinous process device(s).

For the icd9_code 8482, diagnoses is Sprain of thyroid region, which can be elaborated as Sprain of thyroid region. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Ins/repl pdcl stabil dev, which can be elaborated as Insertion or replacement of pedicle-based dynamic stabilization device(s).

For the icd9_code 8483, diagnoses is Sprain of ribs, which can be elaborated as Sprain of ribs. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Rev pedcl dyn stabil dev, which can be elaborated as Revision of pedicle-based dynamic stabilization device(s).

For the icd9_code 8485, diagnoses is Sprain of pelvis, which can be elaborated as Sprain of pelvic. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Rev facet replace device, which can be elaborated as Revision of facet replacement device(s).

For the icd9_code 7784, diagnoses is NB temp regulat dis NEC, which can be elaborated as Other disturbances of temperature regulation of newborn. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Part ostect-metacar/car, which can be elaborated as Other partial ostectomy, carpals and metacarpals.

For the icd9_code 7785, diagnoses is Edema of newborn NEC/NOS, which can be elaborated as Other and unspecified edema of newborn. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Part ostectomy-femur, which can be elaborated as Other partial ostectomy, femur.

For the icd9_code 7786, diagnoses is Congenital hydrocele, which can be elaborated as Congenital hydrocele. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Partial patellectomy, which can be elaborated as Other partial ostectomy, patella.

For the icd9_code 7787, diagnoses is NB breast engorgement, which can be elaborated as Breast engorgement in newborn. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Part ostect-tibia/fibula, which can be elaborated as Other partial ostectomy, tibia and fibula.

For the icd9_code 7788, diagnoses is NB integument cond NEC, which can be elaborated as Other specified conditions involving the integument of fetus and newborn. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Part ostect-metatar/tar, which can be elaborated as Other partial ostectomy, tarsals and metatarsals.

For the icd9_code 7789, diagnoses is NB integument cond NOS, which can be elaborated as Unspecified condition involving the integument and temperature regulation of fetus and newborn. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Partial ostectomy NEC, which can be elaborated as Other partial ostectomy, other bones.

For the icd9_code 7790, diagnoses is Convulsions in newborn, which can be elaborated as Convulsions in newborn. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Total ostectomy NOS, which can be elaborated as Total ostectomy, unspecified site.

For the icd9_code 7791, diagnoses is NB cereb irrit NEC/NOS, which can be elaborated as Other and unspecified cerebral irritability in newborn. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Tot chest cage ostectomy, which can be elaborated as Total ostectomy, scapula, clavicle, and thorax [ribs and sternum].

For the icd9_code 7792, diagnoses is Cns dysfunction syn NB, which can be elaborated as Cerebral depression, coma, and other abnormal cerebral signs in fetus or newborn. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Total ostectomy-humerus, which can be elaborated as Total ostectomy, humerus.

For the icd9_code 7794, diagnoses is NB drug reaction/intoxic, which can be elaborated as Drug reactions and intoxications specific to newborn. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Tot ostect-metacarp/carp, which can be elaborated as Total ostectomy, carpals and metacarpals.

For the icd9_code 7795, diagnoses is NB drug withdrawal syndr, which can be elaborated as Drug withdrawal syndrome in newborn. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Tot ostectomy-femur, which can be elaborated as Total ostectomy, femur.

For the icd9_code 7796, diagnoses is Termination of pregnancy, which can be elaborated as Termination of pregnancy (fetus). The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Total patellectomy, which can be elaborated as Total ostectomy, patella.

For the icd9_code 7797, diagnoses is Perivent leukomalacia, which can be elaborated as Periventricular leukomalacia. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Tot ostect-tibia/fibula, which can be elaborated as Total ostectomy, tibia and fibula.

For the icd9_code 7799, diagnoses is Perinatal condition NOS, which can be elaborated as Unspecified condition originating in the perinatal period. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Total ostectomy NEC, which can be elaborated as Total ostectomy, other bones.

For the icd9_code 7801, diagnoses is Hallucinations, which can be elaborated as Hallucinations. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Bone graft to chest cage, which can be elaborated as Bone graft, scapula, clavicle, and thorax [ribs and sternum].

For the icd9_code 7802, diagnoses is Syncope and collapse, which can be elaborated as Syncope and collapse. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Bone graft to humerus, which can be elaborated as Bone graft, humerus.

For the icd9_code 7804, diagnoses is Dizziness and giddiness, which can be elaborated as Dizziness and giddiness. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Bone grft to metacar/car, which can be elaborated as Bone graft, carpals and metacarpals.

For the icd9_code 7808, diagnoses is Generalizd hyperhidrosis, which can be elaborated as Generalized hyperhidrosis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Bone graft-metatar/tar, which can be elaborated as Bone graft, tarsals and metatarsals.

For the icd9_code 7810, diagnoses is Abn involun movement NEC, which can be elaborated as Abnormal involuntary movements. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Applic ext fix dev NOS, which can be elaborated as Application of external fixator device, unspecified site.

For the icd9_code 7811, diagnoses is Smell & taste disturb, which can be elaborated as Disturbances of sensation of smell and taste. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Appl ext fix-chest cage, which can be elaborated as Application of external fixator device, scapula, clavicle, and thorax [ribs and sternum].

For the icd9_code 7709, diagnoses is NB respiratory cond NOS, which can be elaborated as Unspecified respiratory condition of fetus and newborn. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Sequestrectomy NEC, which can be elaborated as Sequestrectomy, other bones.

For the icd9_code 7710, diagnoses is Congenital rubella, which can be elaborated as Congenital rubella. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Other bone incision NOS, which can be elaborated as Other incision of bone without division, unspecified site.

For the icd9_code 7711, diagnoses is Cong cytomegalovirus inf, which can be elaborated as Congenital cytomegalovirus infection. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Other chest cage incis, which can be elaborated as Other incision of bone without division, scapula, clavicle, and thorax [ribs and sternum].

For the icd9_code 7712, diagnoses is Congenital infec NEC, which can be elaborated as Other congenital infections specific to the perinatal period. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Other humerus incision, which can be elaborated as Other incision of bone without division, humerus.

For the icd9_code 7713, diagnoses is Tetanus neonatorum, which can be elaborated as Tetanus neonatorum. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Other radius/ulna incis, which can be elaborated as Other incision of bone without division, radius and ulna.

For the icd9_code 7714, diagnoses is Omphalitis of newborn, which can be elaborated as Omphalitis of the newborn. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Oth metacarp/carp incis, which can be elaborated as Other incision of bone without division, carpals and metacarpals.

For the icd9_code 7715, diagnoses is Neonatal infec mastitis, which can be elaborated as Neonatal infective mastitis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Other femoral incision, which can be elaborated as Other incision of bone without division, femur.

For the icd9_code 7716, diagnoses is Neonatal conjunctivitis, which can be elaborated as Neonatal conjunctivitis and dacryocystitis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Other patellar incision, which can be elaborated as Other incision of bone without division, patella.

For the icd9_code 7717, diagnoses is Neonatal candida infect, which can be elaborated as Neonatal Candida infection. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Other tibia/fibula incis, which can be elaborated as Other incision of bone without division, tibia and fibula.

For the icd9_code 7720, diagnoses is NB fetal blood loss NEC, which can be elaborated as Fetal blood loss. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Wedge osteotomy NOS, which can be elaborated as Wedge osteotomy, unspecified site.

For the icd9_code 7722, diagnoses is NB subarachnoid hemorr, which can be elaborated as Subarachnoid hemorrhage of fetus or newborn. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Humerus wedge osteotomy, which can be elaborated as Wedge osteotomy, humerus.

For the icd9_code 7723, diagnoses is Post-birth umbil hemorr, which can be elaborated as Umbilical hemorrhage after birth. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Radius/ulna wedg osteoto, which can be elaborated as Wedge osteotomy, radius and ulna.

For the icd9_code 7724, diagnoses is NB GI hemorrhage, which can be elaborated as Gastrointestinal hemorrhage of fetus or newborn. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Metacar/car wedg osteoto, which can be elaborated as Wedge osteotomy, carpals and metacarpals.

For the icd9_code 7725, diagnoses is NB adrenal hemorrhage, which can be elaborated as Adrenal hemorrhage of fetus or newborn. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Femoral wedge osteotomy, which can be elaborated as Wedge osteotomy, femur.

For the icd9_code 7726, diagnoses is NB cutaneous hemorrhage, which can be elaborated as Cutaneous hemorrhage of fetus or newborn. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Patellar wedge osteotomy, which can be elaborated as Wedge osteotomy, patella.

For the icd9_code 7728, diagnoses is Neonatal hemorrhage NEC, which can be elaborated as Other specified hemorrhage of fetus or newborn. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Metatar/tar wedg osteot, which can be elaborated as Wedge osteotomy, tarsals and metatarsals.

For the icd9_code 7729, diagnoses is Neonatal hemorrhage NOS, which can be elaborated as Unspecified hemorrhage of newborn. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Wedge osteotomy NEC, which can be elaborated as Wedge osteotomy, other bones.

For the icd9_code 7730, diagnoses is NB hemolyt dis:rh isoimm, which can be elaborated as Hemolytic disease of fetus or newborn due to Rh isoimmunization. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Other bone division NOS, which can be elaborated as Other division of bone, unspecified site.

For the icd9_code 7731, diagnoses is NB hemolyt dis-abo isoim, which can be elaborated as Hemolytic disease of fetus or newborn due to ABO isoimmunization. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Chest cage bone div NEC, which can be elaborated as Other division of bone, scapula, clavicle, and thorax [ribs and sternum].

For the icd9_code 7732, diagnoses is NB hemolyt dis-isoim NEC, which can be elaborated as Hemolytic disease of fetus or newborn due to other and unspecified isoimmunization. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Humerus division NEC, which can be elaborated as Other division of bone, humerus.

For the icd9_code 7733, diagnoses is Hydrops fetalis:isoimm, which can be elaborated as Hydrops fetalis due to isoimmunization. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Radius/ulna division NEC, which can be elaborated as Other division of bone, radius and ulna.

For the icd9_code 7734, diagnoses is NB kernicterus:isoimmun, which can be elaborated as Kernicterus of fetus or newborn due to isoimmunization. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Metacar/car division NEC, which can be elaborated as Other division of bone, carpals and metacarpals.

For the icd9_code 7735, diagnoses is NB late anemia:isoimmun, which can be elaborated as Late anemia of fetus or newborn due to isoimmunization. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Femoral division NEC, which can be elaborated as Other division of bone, femur.

For the icd9_code 7740, diagnoses is Perinat jaund-hered anem, which can be elaborated as Perinatal jaundice from hereditary hemolytic anemias. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Bone biopsy NOS, which can be elaborated as Biopsy of bone, unspecified site.

For the icd9_code 7741, diagnoses is Perinat jaund:hemolysis, which can be elaborated as Perinatal jaundice from other excessive hemolysis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Chest cage bone biopsy, which can be elaborated as Biopsy of bone, scapula, clavicle, and thorax [ribs and sternum].

For the icd9_code 7742, diagnoses is Neonat jaund preterm del, which can be elaborated as Neonatal jaundice associated with preterm delivery. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Humerus biopsy, which can be elaborated as Biopsy of bone, humerus.

For the icd9_code 7179, diagnoses is Int derangement knee NOS, which can be elaborated as Unspecified internal derangement of knee. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Vulvar/perin repair NEC, which can be elaborated as Other repair of vulva and perineum.

For the icd9_code 7744, diagnoses is Fetal/neonatal hepatitis, which can be elaborated as Perinatal jaundice due to hepatocellular damage. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Metacarpal/carpal biopsy, which can be elaborated as Biopsy of bone, carpals and metacarpals.

For the icd9_code 7745, diagnoses is Perinatal jaundice NEC, which can be elaborated as Perinatal jaundice from other causes. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Femoral biopsy, which can be elaborated as Biopsy of bone, femur.

For the icd9_code 7746, diagnoses is Fetal/neonatal jaund NOS, which can be elaborated as Unspecified fetal and neonatal jaundice. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Patellar biopsy, which can be elaborated as Biopsy of bone, patella.

For the icd9_code 7747, diagnoses is NB kernicterus, which can be elaborated as Kernicterus of fetus or newborn not due to isoimmunization. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Tibia & fibula biopsy, which can be elaborated as Biopsy of bone, tibia and fibula.

For the icd9_code 7751, diagnoses is Neonat diabetes mellitus, which can be elaborated as Neonatal diabetes mellitus. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Bunionect/sft/osteotomy, which can be elaborated as Bunionectomy with soft tissue correction and osteotomy of the first metatarsal.

For the icd9_code 7752, diagnoses is Neonat myasthenia gravis, which can be elaborated as Neonatal myasthenia gravis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Bunionect/sft/arthrodes, which can be elaborated as Bunionectomy with soft tissue correction and arthrodesis.

For the icd9_code 7753, diagnoses is Neonatal thyrotoxicosis, which can be elaborated as Neonatal thyrotoxicosis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Oth bunionect w sft corr, which can be elaborated as Other bunionectomy with soft tissue correction.

For the icd9_code 7754, diagnoses is Hypocalcem/hypomagnes NB, which can be elaborated as Hypocalcemia and hypomagnesemia of newborn. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Exc correct bunionette, which can be elaborated as Excision or correction of bunionette.

For the icd9_code 7756, diagnoses is Neonatal hypoglycemia, which can be elaborated as Neonatal hypoglycemia. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Repair of hammer toe, which can be elaborated as Repair of hammer toe.

For the icd9_code 7757, diagnoses is Late metab acidosis NB, which can be elaborated as Late metabolic acidosis of newborn. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Repair of claw toe, which can be elaborated as Repair of claw toe.

For the icd9_code 7759, diagnoses is Transient met dis NB NOS, which can be elaborated as Unspecified endocrine and metabolic disturbances specific to the fetus and newborn. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Bunionectomy NEC, which can be elaborated as Other bunionectomy.

For the icd9_code 7760, diagnoses is NB hemorrhagic disease, which can be elaborated as Hemorrhagic disease of newborn. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Loc exc bone lesion NOS, which can be elaborated as Local excision of lesion or tissue of bone, unspecified site.

For the icd9_code 7761, diagnoses is Neonatal thrombocytopen, which can be elaborated as Transient neonatal thrombocytopenia. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Exc chest cage bone les, which can be elaborated as Local excision of lesion or tissue of bone, scapula, clavicle, and thorax [ribs and sternum].

For the icd9_code 7762, diagnoses is Dissem intravasc coag NB, which can be elaborated as Disseminated intravascular coagulation in newborn. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Loc exc bone les humerus, which can be elaborated as Local excision of lesion or tissue of bone, humerus.

For the icd9_code 7763, diagnoses is Oth neonatal coag dis, which can be elaborated as Other transient neonatal disorders of coagulation. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Loc exc les radius/ulna, which can be elaborated as Local excision of lesion or tissue of bone, radius and ulna.

For the icd9_code 7764, diagnoses is Polycythemia neonatorum, which can be elaborated as Polycythemia neonatorum. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Loc exc les metacar/car, which can be elaborated as Local excision of lesion or tissue of bone, carpals and metacarpals.

For the icd9_code 7765, diagnoses is Congenital anemia, which can be elaborated as Congenital anemia. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Loc exc bone les femur, which can be elaborated as Local excision of lesion or tissue of bone, femur.

For the icd9_code 7766, diagnoses is Anemia of prematurity, which can be elaborated as Anemia of prematurity. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Loc exc bone les patella, which can be elaborated as Local excision of lesion or tissue of bone, patella.

For the icd9_code 7767, diagnoses is Neonatal neutropenia, which can be elaborated as Transient neonatal neutropenia. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Loc exc les tibia/fibula, which can be elaborated as Local excision of lesion or tissue of bone, tibia and fibula.

For the icd9_code 7768, diagnoses is Transient hemat dis NEC, which can be elaborated as Other specified transient hematological disorders of fetus or newborn. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Loc exc les metatar/tar, which can be elaborated as Local excision of lesion or tissue of bone, tarsals and metatarsals.

For the icd9_code 7769, diagnoses is NB hematological dis NOS, which can be elaborated as Unspecified hematological disorder specific to newborn. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Loc exc bone lesion NEC, which can be elaborated as Local excision of lesion or tissue of bone, other bones.

For the icd9_code 7771, diagnoses is Meconium obstruction, which can be elaborated as Meconium obstruction in fetus or newborn. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Ex chest cage bone-gft, which can be elaborated as Excision of bone for graft, scapula, clavicle, and thorax [ribs and sternum].

For the icd9_code 7772, diagnoses is Intest obst-inspiss milk, which can be elaborated as Intestinal obstruction in newborn due to inspissated milk. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Excise humerus for graft, which can be elaborated as Excision of bone for graft, humerus.

For the icd9_code 7773, diagnoses is Swallowed blood syndrome, which can be elaborated as Hematemesis and melena of newborn due to swallowed maternal blood. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Excis radius/ulna-graft, which can be elaborated as Excision of bone for graft, radius and ulna.

For the icd9_code 7774, diagnoses is Transitory ileus of NB, which can be elaborated as Transitory ileus of newborn. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Excis metacar/car-graft, which can be elaborated as Excision of bone for graft, carpals and metacarpals.

For the icd9_code 7776, diagnoses is Perinatal intest perfor, which can be elaborated as Perinatal intestinal perforation. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Excise patella for graft, which can be elaborated as Excision of bone for graft, patella.

For the icd9_code 7778, diagnoses is Perinat GI sys dis NEC, which can be elaborated as Other specified perinatal disorders of digestive system. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Excis metatar/tar-graft, which can be elaborated as Excision of bone for graft, tarsals and metatarsals.

For the icd9_code 7779, diagnoses is Perinat GI sys dis NOS, which can be elaborated as Unspecified perinatal disorder of digestive system. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Excise bone for gft NEC, which can be elaborated as Excision of bone for graft, other bones.

For the icd9_code 7780, diagnoses is Hydrops fetalis no isoim, which can be elaborated as Hydrops fetalis not due to isoimmunization. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Oth part ostectomy NOS, which can be elaborated as Other partial ostectomy, unspecified site.

For the icd9_code 7781, diagnoses is Sclerema neonatorum, which can be elaborated as Sclerema neonatorum. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Oth chest cage ostectomy, which can be elaborated as Other partial ostectomy, scapula, clavicle, and thorax [ribs and sternum].

For the icd9_code 7782, diagnoses is NB cold injury syndrome, which can be elaborated as Cold injury syndrome of newborn. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Partial humerectomy NEC, which can be elaborated as Other partial ostectomy, humerus.

For the icd9_code 7783, diagnoses is NB hypothermia NEC, which can be elaborated as Other hypothermia of newborn. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Part ostect-radius/ulna, which can be elaborated as Other partial ostectomy, radius and ulna.

For the icd9_code 7891, diagnoses is Hepatomegaly, which can be elaborated as Hepatomegaly. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Insert bone stimul-chest, which can be elaborated as Insertion of bone growth stimulator, scapula, clavicle and thorax [ribs and sternum].

For the icd9_code 7892, diagnoses is Splenomegaly, which can be elaborated as Splenomegaly. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Insert bone stim-humerus, which can be elaborated as Insertion of bone growth stimulator, humerus.

For the icd9_code 7897, diagnoses is Colic, which can be elaborated as Colic. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Inser bone stim-tib/fib, which can be elaborated as Insertion of bone growth stimulator, tibia and fibula.

For the icd9_code 7899, diagnoses is Abdomen/pelvis symp NEC, which can be elaborated as Other symptoms involving abdomen and pelvis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Insert bone stimul NEC, which can be elaborated as Insertion of bone growth stimulator, other bones.

For the icd9_code 7901, diagnoses is Elevated sediment rate, which can be elaborated as Elevated sedimentation rate. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Closed fx reduct humerus, which can be elaborated as Closed reduction of fracture without internal fixation, humerus.

For the icd9_code 8072, diagnoses is Fracture of sternum-clos, which can be elaborated as Closed fracture of sternum. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Elbow synovectomy, which can be elaborated as Synovectomy, elbow.

For the icd9_code 8073, diagnoses is Fracture of sternum-open, which can be elaborated as Open fracture of sternum. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Wrist synovectomy, which can be elaborated as Synovectomy, wrist.

For the icd9_code 8074, diagnoses is Flail chest, which can be elaborated as Flail chest. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Hand synovectomy, which can be elaborated as Synovectomy, hand and finger.

For the icd9_code 8075, diagnoses is Fx larynx/trachea-closed, which can be elaborated as Closed fracture of larynx and trachea. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Hip synovectomy, which can be elaborated as Synovectomy, hip.

For the icd9_code 8076, diagnoses is Fx larynx/trachea-open, which can be elaborated as Open fracture of larynx and trachea. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Knee synovectomy, which can be elaborated as Synovectomy, knee.

For the icd9_code 8080, diagnoses is Fracture acetabulum-clos, which can be elaborated as Closed fracture of acetabulum. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Destruct joint les NOS, which can be elaborated as Other local excision or destruction of lesion of joint, unspecified site.

For the icd9_code 8081, diagnoses is Fracture acetabulum-open, which can be elaborated as Open fracture of acetabulum. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Destruc-shoulder les NEC, which can be elaborated as Other local excision or destruction of lesion of joint, shoulder.

For the icd9_code 8082, diagnoses is Fracture of pubis-closed, which can be elaborated as Closed fracture of pubis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Destruc-elbow lesion NEC, which can be elaborated as Other local excision or destruction of lesion of joint, elbow.

For the icd9_code 8083, diagnoses is Fracture of pubis-open, which can be elaborated as Open fracture of pubis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Destruc-wrist lesion NEC, which can be elaborated as Other local excision or destruction of lesion of joint, wrist.

For the icd9_code 8088, diagnoses is Pelvic fracture NOS-clos, which can be elaborated as Closed unspecified fracture of pelvis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Destruc-foot jt les NEC, which can be elaborated as Other local excision or destruction of lesion of joint, foot and toe.

For the icd9_code 8089, diagnoses is Pelvic fracture NOS-open, which can be elaborated as Open unspecified fracture of pelvis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Destruct joint les NEC, which can be elaborated as Other local excision or destruction of lesion of joint, other specified sites.

For the icd9_code 8090, diagnoses is Fracture trunk bone-clos, which can be elaborated as Fracture of bones of trunk, closed. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Excision of joint NOS, which can be elaborated as Other excision of joint, unspecified site.

For the icd9_code 8091, diagnoses is Fracture trunk bone-open, which can be elaborated as Fracture of bones of trunk, open. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Excision of shoulder NEC, which can be elaborated as Other excision of joint, shoulder.

For the icd9_code 8901, diagnoses is Open wnd hip/thigh-compl, which can be elaborated as Open wound of hip and thigh, complicated. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Brief interview & evalua, which can be elaborated as Interview and evaluation, described as brief.

For the icd9_code 8902, diagnoses is Opn wnd hip/thigh w tend, which can be elaborated as Open wound of hip and thigh, with tendon involvement. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Limited interview/evalua, which can be elaborated as Interview and evaluation, described as limited.

For the icd9_code 8910, diagnoses is Open wnd knee/leg/ankle, which can be elaborated as Open wound of knee, leg [except thigh], and ankle, without mention of complication. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Intracarot amobarb test, which can be elaborated as Intracarotid amobarbital test.

For the icd9_code 8911, diagnoses is Open wnd knee/leg-compl, which can be elaborated as Open wound of knee, leg [except thigh], and ankle, complicated. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Tonometry, which can be elaborated as Tonometry.

For the icd9_code 8912, diagnoses is Opn wnd knee/leg w tendn, which can be elaborated as Open wound of knee, leg [except thigh], and ankle, with tendon involvement. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Nasal function study, which can be elaborated as Nasal function study.

For the icd9_code 8921, diagnoses is Open wound foot-compl, which can be elaborated as Open wound of foot except toe(s) alone, complicated. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Urinary manometry, which can be elaborated as Urinary manometry.

For the icd9_code 8922, diagnoses is Open wound foot w tendon, which can be elaborated as Open wound of foot except toe(s) alone, with tendon involvement. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Cystometrogram, which can be elaborated as Cystometrogram.

For the icd9_code 8931, diagnoses is Open wound toe-compl, which can be elaborated as Open wound of toe(s), complicated. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Dental examination, which can be elaborated as Dental examination.

For the icd9_code 8932, diagnoses is Open wound toe w tendon, which can be elaborated as Open wound of toe(s), with tendon involvement. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Esophageal manometry, which can be elaborated as Esophageal manometry.

For the icd9_code 8941, diagnoses is Open wound leg NEC-compl, which can be elaborated as Multiple and unspecified open wound of lower limb, complicated. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Treadmill stress test, which can be elaborated as Cardiovascular stress test using treadmill.

For the icd9_code 8942, diagnoses is Opn wnd leg NEC w tendon, which can be elaborated as Multiple and unspecified open wound of lower limb, with tendon involvement. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Masters' 2-step test, which can be elaborated as Masters' two-step stress test.

For the icd9_code 8950, diagnoses is Amputation toe, which can be elaborated as Traumatic amputation of toe(s) (complete) (partial), without mention of complication. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Ambu cardiac monitoring, which can be elaborated as Ambulatory cardiac monitoring.

For the icd9_code 8951, diagnoses is Amputation toe-complicat, which can be elaborated as Traumatic amputation of toe(s) (complete) (partial), complicated. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Rhythm electrocardiogram, which can be elaborated as Rhythm electrocardiogram.

For the icd9_code 9522, diagnoses is Lumbar spinal cord injur, which can be elaborated as Lumbar spinal cord injury without evidence of spinal bone injury. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Electro-oculogram, which can be elaborated as Electro-oculogram [EOG].

For the icd9_code 9523, diagnoses is Sacral spinal cord injur, which can be elaborated as Sacral spinal cord injury without evidence of spinal bone injury. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Visual evoked potential, which can be elaborated as Visual evoked potential [VEP].

For the icd9_code 9524, diagnoses is Cauda equina injury, which can be elaborated as Cauda equina spinal cord injury without evidence of spinal bone injury. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Electronystagmogram, which can be elaborated as Electronystagmogram [ENG].

For the icd9_code 9531, diagnoses is Dorsal root injury, which can be elaborated as Injury to dorsal nerve root. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Spectacle fit & dispense, which can be elaborated as Fitting and dispensing of spectacles.

For the icd9_code 9532, diagnoses is Lumbar root injury, which can be elaborated as Injury to lumbar nerve root. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Perscr/fit/disp contacts, which can be elaborated as Prescription, fitting, and dispensing of contact lens.

For the icd9_code 9533, diagnoses is Sacral root injury, which can be elaborated as Injury to sacral nerve root. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Oth lo vision aid dispen, which can be elaborated as Dispensing of other low vision aids.

For the icd9_code 9534, diagnoses is Brachial plexus injury, which can be elaborated as Injury to brachial plexus. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Ocular prosthetics, which can be elaborated as Ocular prosthetics.

For the icd9_code 9535, diagnoses is Lumbosacral plex injury, which can be elaborated as Injury to lumbosacral plexus. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Orthoptic training, which can be elaborated as Orthoptic training.

For the icd9_code 9541, diagnoses is Inj sympath nerve NEC, which can be elaborated as Injury to other sympathetic nerve, excluding shoulder and pelvic girdles. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Audiometry, which can be elaborated as Audiometry.

For the icd9_code 9548, diagnoses is Injury trunk nerve NEC, which can be elaborated as Injury to other specified nerve(s) of trunk, excluding shoulder and pelvic girdles. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Fitting of hearing aid, which can be elaborated as Fitting of hearing aid.

For the icd9_code 9549, diagnoses is Injury trunk nerve NOS, which can be elaborated as Injury to unspecified nerve of trunk, excluding shoulder and pelvic girdles. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Non-op hearing proc NEC, which can be elaborated as Other nonoperative procedures related to hearing.

For the icd9_code 9139, diagnoses is Suprf inj forarm NEC-inf, which can be elaborated as Other and unspecified superficial injury of elbow, forearm, and wrist, infected. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Micro exam-low urin NEC, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of specimen from bladder, urethra, prostate, seminal vesicle, perivesical tissue, and of urine and semen, other microscopic examination.

For the icd9_code 9141, diagnoses is Abrasion hand-infected, which can be elaborated as Abrasion or friction burn of hand(s) except finger(s) alone, infected. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Bact smear-female genit, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of specimen from female genital tract, bacterial smear.

For the icd9_code 9142, diagnoses is Blister hand, which can be elaborated as Blister of hand(s) except finger(s) alone, without mention of infection. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Culture-female genital, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of specimen from female genital tract, culture.

For the icd9_code 9143, diagnoses is Blister hand-infected, which can be elaborated as Blister of hand(s) except finger(s) alone, infected. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is C & s-female genital, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of specimen from female genital tract, culture and sensitivity.

For the icd9_code 9144, diagnoses is Insect bite hand, which can be elaborated as Insect bite, nonvenomous, of hand(s) except finger(s) alone, without mention of infection. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Parasitology-female gen, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of specimen from female genital tract, parasitology.

For the icd9_code 9145, diagnoses is Insect bite hand-infect, which can be elaborated as Insect bite, nonvenomous, of hand(s) except finger(s) alone, infected. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Toxicology-female genit, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of specimen from female genital tract, toxicology.

For the icd9_code 9146, diagnoses is Foreign body hand, which can be elaborated as Superficial foreign body (splinter) of hand(s) except finger(s) alone, without major open wound and without mention of infection. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Cell blk/pap-female gen, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of specimen from female genital tract, cell block and Papanicolaou smear.

For the icd9_code 9149, diagnoses is Superf inj hand NEC-inf, which can be elaborated as Other and unspecified superficial injury of hand(s) except finger(s) alone, infected. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Micro exam-femal gen NEC, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of specimen from female genital tract, other microscopic examination.

For the icd9_code 9151, diagnoses is Abrasion finger-infected, which can be elaborated as Abrasion or friction burn of finger(s), infected. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Bact smear-musculoskel, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of specimen from musculoskeletal system and of joint fluid, bacterial smear.

For the icd9_code 9152, diagnoses is Blister finger, which can be elaborated as Blister of finger(s), without mention of infection. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Culture-musculoskeletal, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of specimen from musculoskeletal system and of joint fluid, culture.

For the icd9_code 9153, diagnoses is Blister finger-infected, which can be elaborated as Blister of finger(s), infected. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is C & s-musculoskeletal, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of specimen from musculoskeletal system and of joint fluid, culture and sensitivity.

For the icd9_code 9154, diagnoses is Insect bite finger, which can be elaborated as Insect bite, nonvenomous, of finger(s), without mention of infection. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Parasitology-musculoskel, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of specimen from musculoskeletal system and of joint fluid, parasitology.

For the icd9_code 9155, diagnoses is Insect bite finger-infec, which can be elaborated as Insect bite, nonvenomous of finger(s), infected. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Toxicology-musculoskel, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of specimen from musculoskeletal system and of joint fluid, toxicology.

For the icd9_code 9156, diagnoses is Foreign body finger, which can be elaborated as Superficial foreign body (splinter) of finger(s), without major open wound and without mention of infection. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Cell blk/pap-musculoskel, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of specimen from musculoskeletal system and of joint fluid, cell block and Papanicolaou smear.

For the icd9_code 9824, diagnoses is Toxic effect nitroglycol, which can be elaborated as Toxic effect of nitroglycol. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Removal scrotal/penis FB, which can be elaborated as Removal of foreign body from scrotum or penis without incision.

For the icd9_code 9828, diagnoses is Toxic eff nonpetrol solv, which can be elaborated as Toxic effect of other nonpetroleum-based solvents. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Removal FB from foot, which can be elaborated as Removal of foreign body from foot without incision.

For the icd9_code 9851, diagnoses is Toxic effect arsenic, which can be elaborated as Toxic effect of arsenic and its compounds. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Eswl kid/ureter/bladder, which can be elaborated as Extracorporeal shockwave lithotripsy [ESWL] of the kidney, ureter and/or bladder.

For the icd9_code 9852, diagnoses is Toxic effect manganese, which can be elaborated as Toxic effect of manganese and its compounds. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Eswl gb/bile duct, which can be elaborated as Extracorporeal shockwave lithotripsy [ESWL] of the gallbladder and/or bile duct.

For the icd9_code 9859, diagnoses is Toxic effect metal NOS, which can be elaborated as Toxic effect of unspecified metal. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Eswl other sites, which can be elaborated as Extracorporeal shockwave lithotripsy of other sites.

For the icd9_code 9910, diagnoses is Frostbite of face, which can be elaborated as Frostbite of face. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Inject/inf thrombo agent, which can be elaborated as Injection or infusion of thrombolytic agent.

For the icd9_code 9911, diagnoses is Frostbite of hand, which can be elaborated as Frostbite of hand. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Inject rh immune globul, which can be elaborated as Injection of Rh immune globulin.

For the icd9_code 9912, diagnoses is Frostbite of foot, which can be elaborated as Frostbite of foot. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Allergy immunization, which can be elaborated as Immunization for allergy.

For the icd9_code 9913, diagnoses is Frostbite NEC/NOS, which can be elaborated as Frostbite of other and unspecified sites. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Autoimmune dis immunizat, which can be elaborated as Immunization for autoimmune disease.

For the icd9_code 9914, diagnoses is Immersion foot, which can be elaborated as Immersion foot. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Injct/inf immunoglobulin, which can be elaborated as Injection or infusion of immunoglobulin.

For the icd9_code 9915, diagnoses is Chilblains, which can be elaborated as Chilblains. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Parent infus nutrit sub, which can be elaborated as Parenteral infusion of concentrated nutritional substances.

For the icd9_code 9916, diagnoses is Hypothermia, which can be elaborated as Hypothermia. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Inject antidote, which can be elaborated as Injection of antidote.

For the icd9_code 7321, diagnoses is Juv osteochondros pelvis, which can be elaborated as Juvenile osteochondrosis of hip and pelvis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Int/comb version no extr, which can be elaborated as Internal and combined version without extraction.

For the icd9_code 7322, diagnoses is Femoral epiphysiolysis, which can be elaborated as Nontraumatic slipped upper femoral epiphysis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Int/comb version w extr, which can be elaborated as Internal and combined version with extraction.

For the icd9_code 7903, diagnoses is Excess blood-alcohol lev, which can be elaborated as Excessive blood level of alcohol. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Cl fx reduc-metacar/car, which can be elaborated as Closed reduction of fracture without internal fixation, carpals and metacarpals.

For the icd9_code 7904, diagnoses is Elev transaminase/ldh, which can be elaborated as Nonspecific elevation of levels of transaminase or lactic acid dehydrogenase [LDH]. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Cl fx reduc-finger, which can be elaborated as Closed reduction of fracture without internal fixation, phalanges of hand.

For the icd9_code 7905, diagnoses is Abn serum enzy level NEC, which can be elaborated as Other nonspecific abnormal serum enzyme levels. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Cl fx reduc-femur, which can be elaborated as Closed reduction of fracture without internal fixation, femur.

For the icd9_code 7906, diagnoses is Abn blood chemistry NEC, which can be elaborated as Other abnormal blood chemistry. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Cl fx reduc-tibia/fibula, which can be elaborated as Closed reduction of fracture without internal fixation, tibia and fibula.

For the icd9_code 7907, diagnoses is Bacteremia, which can be elaborated as Bacteremia. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Cl fx reduc-metatar/tar, which can be elaborated as Closed reduction of fracture without internal fixation, tarsals and metatarsals.

For the icd9_code 7908, diagnoses is Viremia NOS, which can be elaborated as Viremia, unspecified. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Cl fx reduc-toe, which can be elaborated as Closed reduction of fracture without internal fixation, phalanges of foot.

For the icd9_code 7910, diagnoses is Proteinuria, which can be elaborated as Proteinuria. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Cl fx reduc-int fix NOS, which can be elaborated as Closed reduction of fracture with internal fixation, unspecified site.

For the icd9_code 7911, diagnoses is Chyluria, which can be elaborated as Chyluria. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Clos red-int fix humerus, which can be elaborated as Closed reduction of fracture with internal fixation, humerus.

For the icd9_code 7912, diagnoses is Hemoglobinuria, which can be elaborated as Hemoglobinuria. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Cl red-int fix rad/ulna, which can be elaborated as Closed reduction of fracture with internal fixation, radius and ulna.

For the icd9_code 7913, diagnoses is Myoglobinuria, which can be elaborated as Myoglobinuria. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Cl red-int fix metac/car, which can be elaborated as Closed reduction of fracture with internal fixation, carpals and metacarpals.

For the icd9_code 7914, diagnoses is Biliuria, which can be elaborated as Biliuria. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Close red-int fix finger, which can be elaborated as Closed reduction of fracture with internal fixation, phalanges of hand.

For the icd9_code 7915, diagnoses is Glycosuria, which can be elaborated as Glycosuria. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Closed red-int fix femur, which can be elaborated as Closed reduction of fracture with internal fixation, femur.

For the icd9_code 7916, diagnoses is Acetonuria, which can be elaborated as Acetonuria. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Cl red-int fix tib/fibu, which can be elaborated as Closed reduction of fracture with internal fixation, tibia and fibula.

For the icd9_code 7917, diagnoses is Oth cells/casts in urine, which can be elaborated as Other cells and casts in urine. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Cl red-int fix metat/tar, which can be elaborated as Closed reduction of fracture with internal fixation, tarsals and metatarsals.

For the icd9_code 7919, diagnoses is Abn urine findings NEC, which can be elaborated as Other nonspecific findings on examination of urine. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Cl fx reduc-int fix NEC, which can be elaborated as Closed reduction of fracture with internal fixation, other specified bone.

For the icd9_code 7920, diagnoses is Abn fnd-cerebrospinal fl, which can be elaborated as Nonspecific abnormal findings in cerebrospinal fluid. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Open fx reduction NOS, which can be elaborated as Open reduction of fracture without internal fixation, unspecified site.

For the icd9_code 7921, diagnoses is Abn find-stool contents, which can be elaborated as Nonspecific abnormal findings in stool contents. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Open reduc-humerus fx, which can be elaborated as Open reduction of fracture without internal fixation, humerus.

For the icd9_code 7922, diagnoses is Abn findings-semen, which can be elaborated as Nonspecific abnormal findings in semen. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Open reduc-radius/uln fx, which can be elaborated as Open reduction of fracture without internal fixation, radius and ulna.

For the icd9_code 7923, diagnoses is Abn find-amniotic fluid, which can be elaborated as Nonspecific abnormal findings in amniotic fluid. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Open reduc-metac/car fx, which can be elaborated as Open reduction of fracture without internal fixation, carpals and metacarpals.

For the icd9_code 7924, diagnoses is Abn findings-saliva, which can be elaborated as Nonspecific abnormal findings in saliva. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Open reduction-finger fx, which can be elaborated as Open reduction of fracture without internal fixation, phalanges of hand.

For the icd9_code 7925, diagnoses is Cloudy dialysis effluent, which can be elaborated as Cloudy (hemodialysis) (peritoneal) dialysis effluent. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Open reduction-femur fx, which can be elaborated as Open reduction of fracture without internal fixation, femur.

For the icd9_code 9159, diagnoses is Suprf inj finger NEC-inf, which can be elaborated as Other and unspecified superficial injury of fingers, infected. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Micro exam-musculosk NEC, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of specimen from musculoskeletal system and of joint fluid, other microscopic examination.

For the icd9_code 9161, diagnoses is Abrasion hip/leg-infect, which can be elaborated as Abrasion or friction burn of hip, thigh, leg, and ankle, infected. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Bact smear-integument, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of specimen from skin and other integument, bacterial smear.

For the icd9_code 9162, diagnoses is Blister hip & leg, which can be elaborated as Blister of hip, thigh, leg, and ankle, without mention of infection. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Culture-integument, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of specimen from skin and other integument, culture.

For the icd9_code 9163, diagnoses is Blister hip & leg-infect, which can be elaborated as Blister of hip, thigh, leg, and ankle, infected. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is C & s-integument, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of specimen from skin and other integument, culture and sensitivity.

For the icd9_code 9164, diagnoses is Insect bite hip & leg, which can be elaborated as Insect bite, nonvenomous, of hip, thigh, leg, and ankle, without mention of infection. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Parasitology-integument, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of specimen from skin and other integument, parasitology.

For the icd9_code 9165, diagnoses is Insect bite hip/leg-inf, which can be elaborated as Insect bite, nonvenomous of hip, thigh, leg, and ankle, infected. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Toxicology-integument, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of specimen from skin and other integument, toxicology.

For the icd9_code 9166, diagnoses is Foreign body hip/leg, which can be elaborated as Superficial foreign body (splinter) of hip, thigh, leg, and ankle, without major open wound and without mention of infection. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Cell blk/pap-integument, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of specimen from skin and other integument, cell block and Papanicolaou smear.

For the icd9_code 9169, diagnoses is Superf inj leg NEC-infec, which can be elaborated as Other and unspecified superficial injury of hip, thigh, leg, and ankle, infected. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Micro exam-integumen NEC, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of specimen from skin and other integument, other microscopic examination.

For the icd9_code 8670, diagnoses is Bladder/urethra inj-clos, which can be elaborated as Injury to bladder and urethra, without mention of open wound into cavity. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Pedicle graft/flap NOS, which can be elaborated as Pedicle or flap graft, not otherwise specified.

For the icd9_code 8671, diagnoses is Bladder/urethra inj-open, which can be elaborated as Injury to bladder and urethra, with open wound into cavity. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Cut & prep pedicle graft, which can be elaborated as Cutting and preparation of pedicle grafts or flaps.

For the icd9_code 8672, diagnoses is Ureter injury-closed, which can be elaborated as Injury to ureter, without mention of open wound into cavity. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Pedicle graft advancemen, which can be elaborated as Advancement of pedicle graft.

For the icd9_code 8673, diagnoses is Ureter injury-open, which can be elaborated as Injury to ureter, with open wound into cavity. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Attach pedicle to hand, which can be elaborated as Attachment of pedicle or flap graft to hand.

For the icd9_code 8674, diagnoses is Uterus injury-closed, which can be elaborated as Injury to uterus, without mention of open wound into cavity. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Attach pedicle graft NEC, which can be elaborated as Attachment of pedicle or flap graft to other sites.

For the icd9_code 8675, diagnoses is Uterus injury-open, which can be elaborated as Injury to uterus, with open wound into cavity. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Revision of pedicle grft, which can be elaborated as Revision of pedicle or flap graft.

For the icd9_code 7929, diagnoses is Abn find-body subst NEC, which can be elaborated as Other nonspecific abnormal findings in body substances. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Open fx reduction NEC, which can be elaborated as Open reduction of fracture without internal fixation, other specified bone.

For the icd9_code 7930, diagnoses is Nonsp abn fd-skull/head, which can be elaborated as Nonspecific (abnormal) findings on radiological and other examination of skull and head. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Opn fx red w int fix NOS, which can be elaborated as Open reduction of fracture with internal fixation, unspecified site.

For the icd9_code 7932, diagnoses is Nonsp abn intrathor NEC, which can be elaborated as Nonspecific (abnormal) findings on radiological and other examination of other intrathoracic organs. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Op red-int fix rad/ulna, which can be elaborated as Open reduction of fracture with internal fixation, radius and ulna.

For the icd9_code 7933, diagnoses is Nonsp abn fd-bilry tract, which can be elaborated as Nonspecific (abnormal) findings on radiological and other examination of biliary tract. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Op red-int fix metac/car, which can be elaborated as Open reduction of fracture with internal fixation, carpals and metacarpals.

For the icd9_code 7934, diagnoses is Nonsp abn find-gi tract, which can be elaborated as Nonspecific (abnormal) findings on radiological and other examination of gastrointestinal tract. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Open red-int fix finger, which can be elaborated as Open reduction of fracture with internal fixation, phalanges of hand.

For the icd9_code 7935, diagnoses is Nonsp abn find-gu organs, which can be elaborated as Nonspecific (abnormal) findings on radiological and other examination of genitourinary organs. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Open reduc-int fix femur, which can be elaborated as Open reduction of fracture with internal fixation, femur.

For the icd9_code 7936, diagnoses is Nonsp abn fnd-abdom area, which can be elaborated as Nonspecific (abnormal) findings on radiological and other examination of abdominal area, including retroperitoneum. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Op red-int fix tib/fibul, which can be elaborated as Open reduction of fracture with internal fixation, tibia and fibula.

For the icd9_code 8960, diagnoses is Amputation foot, unilat, which can be elaborated as Traumatic amputation of foot (complete) (partial), unilateral, without mention of complication. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Cnt intraart bld gas mon, which can be elaborated as Continuous intra-arterial blood gas monitoring.

For the icd9_code 8961, diagnoses is Amput foot, unilat-compl, which can be elaborated as Traumatic amputation of foot (complete) (partial), unilateral, complicated. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Arterial pressure monit, which can be elaborated as Systemic arterial pressure monitoring.

For the icd9_code 8962, diagnoses is Amputation foot, bilat, which can be elaborated as Traumatic amputation of foot (complete) (partial), bilateral, without mention of complication. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Cvp monitoring, which can be elaborated as Central venous pressure monitoring.

For the icd9_code 8963, diagnoses is Amputat foot, bilat-comp, which can be elaborated as Traumatic amputation of foot (complete) (partial), bilateral, complicated. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Pulmon art press monitor, which can be elaborated as Pulmonary artery pressure monitoring.

For the icd9_code 9001, diagnoses is Inj internl jugular vein, which can be elaborated as Injury to internal jugular vein. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Bact smear-nervous syst, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of specimen from nervous system and of spinal fluid, bacterial smear.

For the icd9_code 9009, diagnoses is Inj head/neck vessel NOS, which can be elaborated as Injury to unspecified blood vessel of head and neck. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Micro exam-nervous NEC, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of specimen from nervous system and of spinal fluid, other microscopic examination.

For the icd9_code 9011, diagnoses is Inj innomin/subclav art, which can be elaborated as Injury to innominate and subclavian arteries. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Bact smear-endocrine, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of specimen from endocrine gland, not elsewhere classified, bacterial smear.

For the icd9_code 9012, diagnoses is Inj superior vena cava, which can be elaborated as Injury to superior vena cava. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Culture-endocrine, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of specimen from endocrine gland, not elsewhere classified, culture.

For the icd9_code 9013, diagnoses is Inj innomin/subclav vein, which can be elaborated as Injury to innominate and subclavian veins. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is C & s-endocrine, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of specimen from endocrine gland, not elsewhere classified, culture and sensitivity.

For the icd9_code 9019, diagnoses is Inj thoracic vessel NOS, which can be elaborated as Injury to unspecified blood vessel of thorax. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Micro exam-endocrine NEC, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of specimen from endocrine gland, not elsewhere classified, other microscopic examination.

For the icd9_code 9601, diagnoses is Pois-antifungal antibiot, which can be elaborated as Poisoning by antifungal antibiotics. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Insert nasopharyn airway, which can be elaborated as Insertion of nasopharyngeal airway.

For the icd9_code 9602, diagnoses is Poison-chloramphenicol, which can be elaborated as Poisoning by chloramphenicol group. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Insert oropharyn airway, which can be elaborated as Insertion of oropharyngeal airway.

For the icd9_code 9603, diagnoses is Pois-erythromyc/macrolid, which can be elaborated as Poisoning by erythromycin and other macrolides. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Insert esoph obtu airway, which can be elaborated as Insertion of esophageal obturator airway.

For the icd9_code 9604, diagnoses is Poisoning-tetracycline, which can be elaborated as Poisoning by tetracycline group. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Insert endotracheal tube, which can be elaborated as Insertion of endotracheal tube.

For the icd9_code 9605, diagnoses is Pois-cephalosporin group, which can be elaborated as Poisoning of cephalosporin group. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Resp tract intubat NEC, which can be elaborated as Other intubation of respiratory tract.

For the icd9_code 9606, diagnoses is Pois-antimycobac antibio, which can be elaborated as Poisoning of antimycobacterial antibiotics. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Insert sengstaken tube, which can be elaborated as Insertion of Sengstaken tube.

For the icd9_code 9607, diagnoses is Pois-antineop antibiotic, which can be elaborated as Poisoning by antineoplastic antibiotics. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Insert gastric tube NEC, which can be elaborated as Insertion of other (naso-)gastric tube.

For the icd9_code 9608, diagnoses is Poisoning-antibiotic NEC, which can be elaborated as Poisoning by other specified antibiotics. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Insert intestinal tube, which can be elaborated as Insertion of (naso-)intestinal tube.

For the icd9_code 9609, diagnoses is Poisoning-antibiotic NOS, which can be elaborated as Poisoning by unspecified antibiotic. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Insert rectal tube, which can be elaborated as Insertion of rectal tube.

For the icd9_code 9611, diagnoses is Pois-arsenic anti-infec, which can be elaborated as Poisoning by arsenical anti-infectives. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Pack ext auditory canal, which can be elaborated as Packing of external auditory canal.

For the icd9_code 9614, diagnoses is Poisoning-antimalarials, which can be elaborated as Poisoning by antimalarials and drugs acting on other blood protozoa. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Vaginal packing, which can be elaborated as Vaginal packing.

For the icd9_code 9615, diagnoses is Pois-antiprotoz drug NEC, which can be elaborated as Poisoning by other antiprotozoal drugs. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Vaginal mold insertion, which can be elaborated as Insertion of vaginal mold.

For the icd9_code 9616, diagnoses is Poisoning-anthelmintics, which can be elaborated as Poisoning by anthelmintics. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Other vaginal dilation, which can be elaborated as Other vaginal dilation.

For the icd9_code 9617, diagnoses is Poisoning-antiviral drug, which can be elaborated as Poisoning by antiviral drugs. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Vag diaphragm insertion, which can be elaborated as Insertion of vaginal diaphragm.

For the icd9_code 9618, diagnoses is Pois-antimycobac drg NEC, which can be elaborated as Poisoning by other antimycobacterial drugs. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Oth vagin pessary insert, which can be elaborated as Insertion of other vaginal pessary.

For the icd9_code 9619, diagnoses is Pois-anti-infect NEC/NOS, which can be elaborated as Poisoning by other and unspecified anti-infectives. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Rectal packing, which can be elaborated as Rectal packing.

For the icd9_code 9621, diagnoses is Poisoning-androgens, which can be elaborated as Poisoning by androgens and anabolic congeners. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Dilat frontonasal duct, which can be elaborated as Dilation of frontonasal duct.

For the icd9_code 9622, diagnoses is Poisoning-ovarian hormon, which can be elaborated as Poisoning by ovarian hormones and synthetic substitutes. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Dilation of rectum, which can be elaborated as Dilation of rectum.

For the icd9_code 9623, diagnoses is Poison-insulin/antidiab, which can be elaborated as Poisoning by insulins and antidiabetic agents. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Dilation anal sphincter, which can be elaborated as Dilation of anal sphincter.

For the icd9_code 9624, diagnoses is Pois-ant pituitary horm, which can be elaborated as Poisoning by anterior pituitary hormones. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Dilat enterostomy stoma, which can be elaborated as Dilation and manipulation of enterostomy stoma.

For the icd9_code 9625, diagnoses is Pois-post pituitary horm, which can be elaborated as Poisoning by posterior pituitary hormones. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Therapeut distent bladd, which can be elaborated as Therapeutic distention of bladder.

For the icd9_code 9626, diagnoses is Poisoning-parathyroids, which can be elaborated as Poisoning by parathyroid and parathyroid derivatives. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Manual reduc rect prolap, which can be elaborated as Manual reduction of rectal prolapse.

For the icd9_code 9627, diagnoses is Poisoning-thyroid/deriv, which can be elaborated as Poisoning by thyroid and thyroid derivatives. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Manual reduction hernia, which can be elaborated as Manual reduction of hernia.

For the icd9_code 9628, diagnoses is Poison-antithyroid agent, which can be elaborated as Poisoning by antithyroid agents. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Manl reduct stoma prolap, which can be elaborated as Manual reduction of enterostomy prolapse.

For the icd9_code 9629, diagnoses is Poisoning hormon NEC/NOS, which can be elaborated as Poisoning by other and unspecified hormones and synthetic substitutes. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Reduct intuss ali tract, which can be elaborated as Reduction of intussusception of alimentary tract.

For the icd9_code 9631, diagnoses is Pois-antineopl/immunosup, which can be elaborated as Poisoning by antineoplastic and immunosuppressive drugs. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Gastric cooling, which can be elaborated as Gastric cooling.

For the icd9_code 9632, diagnoses is Poisoning-acidifying agt, which can be elaborated as Poisoning by acidifying agents. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Gastric freezing, which can be elaborated as Gastric freezing.

For the icd9_code 9633, diagnoses is Poisoning-alkalizing agt, which can be elaborated as Poisoning by alkalizing agents. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Gastric lavage, which can be elaborated as Gastric lavage.

For the icd9_code 9634, diagnoses is Poisoning-enzymes NEC, which can be elaborated as Poisoning by enzymes, not elsewhere classified. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Gastric tube irrigat NEC, which can be elaborated as Other irrigation of (naso-)gastric tube.

For the icd9_code 9635, diagnoses is Poisoning-vitamins NEC, which can be elaborated as Poisoning by vitamins, not elsewhere classified. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Gastric gavage, which can be elaborated as Gastric gavage.

For the icd9_code 9638, diagnoses is Poisoning-system agt NEC, which can be elaborated as Poisoning by other specified systemic agents. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Impacted feces removal, which can be elaborated as Removal of impacted feces.

For the icd9_code 9639, diagnoses is Poisoning-system agt NOS, which can be elaborated as Poisoning by unspecified systemic agent. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Other transanal enema, which can be elaborated as Other transanal enema.

For the icd9_code 9171, diagnoses is Abrasion foot/toe-infec, which can be elaborated as Abrasion or friction burn of foot and toe(s), infected. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Bact smear-op wound, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of specimen from operative wound, bacterial smear.

For the icd9_code 9172, diagnoses is Blister foot & toe, which can be elaborated as Blister of foot and toe(s), without mention of infection. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Culture-op wound, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of specimen from operative wound, culture.

For the icd9_code 9173, diagnoses is Blister foot & toe-infec, which can be elaborated as Blister of foot and toe(s), infected. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is C & s-op wound, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of specimen from operative wound, culture and sensitivity.

For the icd9_code 9174, diagnoses is Insect bite foot/toe, which can be elaborated as Insect bite, nonvenomous, of foot and toe(s), without mention of infection. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Parasitology-op wound, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of specimen from operative wound, parasitology.

For the icd9_code 9175, diagnoses is Insect bite foot/toe-inf, which can be elaborated as Insect bite, nonvenomous, of foot and toe(s), infected. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Toxicology-op wound, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of specimen from operative wound, toxicology.

For the icd9_code 9176, diagnoses is Foreign body foot & toe, which can be elaborated as Superficial foreign body (splinter) of foot and toe(s), without major open wound and without mention of infection. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Cell blk/pap-op wound, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of specimen from operative wound, cell block and Papanicolaou smear.

For the icd9_code 9179, diagnoses is Superf inj foot NEC-inf, which can be elaborated as Other and unspecified superficial injury of foot and toes, infected. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Micro exam-op wound NEC, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of specimen from operative wound, other microscopic examination.

For the icd9_code 9181, diagnoses is Superficial inj cornea, which can be elaborated as Superficial injury of cornea. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Bact smear NEC, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of specimen from other site, bacterial smear.

For the icd9_code 9182, diagnoses is Superfic inj conjunctiva, which can be elaborated as Superficial injury of conjunctiva. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Culture NEC, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of specimen from other site, culture.

For the icd9_code 9189, diagnoses is Superficial inj eye NEC, which can be elaborated as Other and unspecified superficial injuries of eye. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Micro exam NEC, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of specimen from other site, other microscopic examination.

For the icd9_code 9191, diagnoses is Abrasion NEC-infected, which can be elaborated as Abrasion or friction burn of other, multiple, and unspecified sites, infected. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Bact smear NOS, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of specimen from unspecified site, bacterial smear.

For the icd9_code 9192, diagnoses is Blister NEC, which can be elaborated as Blister of other, multiple, and unspecified sites, without mention of infection. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Culture NOS, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of specimen from unspecified site, culture.

For the icd9_code 9193, diagnoses is Blister NEC-infected, which can be elaborated as Blister of other, multiple, and unspecified sites, infected. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is C & s NOS, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of specimen from unspecified site, culture and sensitivity.

For the icd9_code 9194, diagnoses is Insect bite NEC, which can be elaborated as Insect bite, nonvenomous, of other, multiple, and unspecified sites, without mention of infection. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Parasitology NOS, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of specimen from unspecified site, parasitology.

For the icd9_code 9195, diagnoses is Insect bite NEC-infected, which can be elaborated as Insect bite, nonvenomous, of other, multiple, and unspecified sites, infected. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Toxicology NOS, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of specimen from unspecified site, toxicology.

For the icd9_code 9196, diagnoses is Superfic foreign bdy NEC, which can be elaborated as Superficial foreign body (splinter) of other, multiple, and unspecified sites, without major open wound and without mention of infection. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Cell blk/pap NOS, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of specimen from unspecified site, cell block and Papanicolaou smear.

For the icd9_code 9918, diagnoses is Effect reduced temp NEC, which can be elaborated as Other specified effects of reduced temperature. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Inject/infuse electrolyt, which can be elaborated as Injection or infusion of electrolytes.

For the icd9_code 9919, diagnoses is Effect reduced temp NOS, which can be elaborated as Unspecified effect of reduced temperature. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Inject anticoagulant, which can be elaborated as Injection of anticoagulant.

For the icd9_code 9920, diagnoses is Heat stroke & sunstroke, which can be elaborated as Heat stroke and sunstroke. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Inj/inf platelet inhibit, which can be elaborated as Injection or infusion of platelet inhibitor.

For the icd9_code 9921, diagnoses is Heat syncope, which can be elaborated as Heat syncope. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Inject antibiotic, which can be elaborated as Injection of antibiotic.

For the icd9_code 9922, diagnoses is Heat cramps, which can be elaborated as Heat cramps. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Inject anti-infect NEC, which can be elaborated as Injection of other anti-infective.

For the icd9_code 9923, diagnoses is Heat exhaust-anhydrotic, which can be elaborated as Heat exhaustion, anhydrotic. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Inject steroid, which can be elaborated as Injection of steroid.

For the icd9_code 9924, diagnoses is Heat exhaust-salt deple, which can be elaborated as Heat exhaustion due to salt depletion. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Inject hormone NEC, which can be elaborated as Injection of other hormone.

For the icd9_code 9925, diagnoses is Heat exhaustion NOS, which can be elaborated as Heat exhaustion, unspecified. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Inject ca chemother NEC, which can be elaborated as Injection or infusion of cancer chemotherapeutic substance.

For the icd9_code 9926, diagnoses is Heat fatigue, transient, which can be elaborated as Heat fatigue, transient. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Inject tranquilizer, which can be elaborated as Injection of tranquilizer.

For the icd9_code 9927, diagnoses is Heat edema, which can be elaborated as Heat edema. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Iontophoresis, which can be elaborated as Iontophoresis.

For the icd9_code 9928, diagnoses is Heat effect NEC, which can be elaborated as Other specified heat effects. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Immunotherapy as antineo, which can be elaborated as Injection or infusion of biological response modifier [BRM] as an antineoplastic agent.

For the icd9_code 9929, diagnoses is Heat effect NOS, which can be elaborated as Unspecified effects of heat and light. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Inject/infuse NEC, which can be elaborated as Injection or infusion of other therapeutic or prophylactic substance.

For the icd9_code 9931, diagnoses is Barotrauma, sinus, which can be elaborated as Barotrauma, sinus. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Cholera vaccination, which can be elaborated as Vaccination against cholera.

For the icd9_code 9932, diagnoses is Eff high altitud NEC/NOS, which can be elaborated as Other and unspecified effects of high altitude. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Typhoid/paratyphoid vacc, which can be elaborated as Vaccination against typhoid and paratyphoid fever.

For the icd9_code 9933, diagnoses is Caisson disease, which can be elaborated as Caisson disease. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Tuberculosis vaccination, which can be elaborated as Vaccination against tuberculosis.

For the icd9_code 9934, diagnoses is Eff air press by explos, which can be elaborated as Effects of air pressure caused by explosion. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Plague vaccination, which can be elaborated as Vaccination against plague.

For the icd9_code 9938, diagnoses is Effect air pressure NEC, which can be elaborated as Other specified effects of air pressure. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Tetanus toxoid administ, which can be elaborated as Administration of tetanus toxoid.

For the icd9_code 9939, diagnoses is Effect air pressure NOS, which can be elaborated as Unspecified effect of air pressure. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Dpt administration, which can be elaborated as Administration of diphtheria-tetanus-pertussis, combined.

For the icd9_code 9941, diagnoses is Drowning/nonfatal submer, which can be elaborated as Drowning and nonfatal submersion. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Polio vaccine administra, which can be elaborated as Administration of poliomyelitis vaccine.

For the icd9_code 9942, diagnoses is Effects of hunger, which can be elaborated as Effects of hunger. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Smallpox vaccination, which can be elaborated as Vaccination against smallpox.

For the icd9_code 9943, diagnoses is Effects of thirst, which can be elaborated as Effects of thirst. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Yellow fever vaccination, which can be elaborated as Vaccination against yellow fever.

For the icd9_code 9944, diagnoses is Exhaustion-exposure, which can be elaborated as Exhaustion due to exposure. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Rabies vaccination, which can be elaborated as Vaccination against rabies.

For the icd9_code 9945, diagnoses is Exhaustion-excess exert, which can be elaborated as Exhaustion due to excessive exertion. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Measles vaccination, which can be elaborated as Vaccination against measles.

For the icd9_code 9946, diagnoses is Motion sickness, which can be elaborated as Motion sickness. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Mumps vaccination, which can be elaborated as Vaccination against mumps.

For the icd9_code 9947, diagnoses is Asphyxiation/strangulat, which can be elaborated as Asphyxiation and strangulation. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Rubella vaccination, which can be elaborated as Vaccination against rubella.

For the icd9_code 9948, diagnoses is Effects electric current, which can be elaborated as Electrocution and nonfatal effects of electric current. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Mmr administration, which can be elaborated as Administration of measles-mumps-rubella vaccine.

For the icd9_code 9951, diagnoses is Angioneurotic edema, which can be elaborated as Angioneurotic edema, not elsewhere classified. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Common cold vaccination, which can be elaborated as Prophylactic vaccination against the common cold.

For the icd9_code 9953, diagnoses is Allergy, unspecified, which can be elaborated as Allergy, unspecified, not elsewhere classified. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Arbovirus enceph vaccin, which can be elaborated as Prophylactic vaccination against arthropod-borne viral encephalitis.

For the icd9_code 9954, diagnoses is Shock due to anesthesia, which can be elaborated as Shock due to anesthesia, not elsewhere classified. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Arbovirus vaccinat NEC, which can be elaborated as Prophylactic vaccination against other arthropod-borne viral diseases.

For the icd9_code 734, diagnoses is Flat foot, which can be elaborated as Flat foot. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Medical induction labor, which can be elaborated as Medical induction of labor.

For the icd9_code 7351, diagnoses is Hallux varus, which can be elaborated as Hallux varus (acquired). The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Manual rotat fetal head, which can be elaborated as Manual rotation of fetal head.

For the icd9_code 7359, diagnoses is Acq deformity of toe NOS, which can be elaborated as Unspecified acquired deformity of toe. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Manual assist deliv NEC, which can be elaborated as Other manually assisted delivery.

For the icd9_code 9641, diagnoses is Poison-liver/antianemics, which can be elaborated as Poisoning by liver preparations and other antianemic agents. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Biliary tube irrigation, which can be elaborated as Irrigation of cholecystostomy and other biliary tube.

For the icd9_code 9642, diagnoses is Poisoning-anticoagulants, which can be elaborated as Poisoning by anticoagulants. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Pancreatic tube irrigat, which can be elaborated as Irrigation of pancreatic tube.

For the icd9_code 9643, diagnoses is Poisoning-vitamin k, which can be elaborated as Poisoning by vitamin K (phytonadione). The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is GI tract instillat NEC, which can be elaborated as Digestive tract instillation, except gastric gavage.

For the icd9_code 9644, diagnoses is Poison-fibrinolysis agnt, which can be elaborated as Poisoning by fibrinolysis-affecting drugs. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Vaginal douche, which can be elaborated as Vaginal douche.

For the icd9_code 9645, diagnoses is Poisoning-coagulants, which can be elaborated as Poisoning by anticoagulant antagonists and other coagulants. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Nephrost/pyelost irrigat, which can be elaborated as Irrigation of nephrostomy and pyelostomy.

For the icd9_code 9646, diagnoses is Poisoning-gamma globulin, which can be elaborated as Poisoning by gamma globulin. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Urterost/urete cth irrig, which can be elaborated as Irrigation of ureterostomy and ureteral catheter.

For the icd9_code 9647, diagnoses is Poisoning-blood product, which can be elaborated as Poisoning by natural blood and blood products. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Cystostomy irrigation, which can be elaborated as Irrigation of cystostomy.

For the icd9_code 9648, diagnoses is Poisoning-blood agt NEC, which can be elaborated as Poisoning by other specified agents affecting blood constituents. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Indwell cath irrig NEC, which can be elaborated as Irrigation of other indwelling urinary catheter.

For the icd9_code 7391, diagnoses is Somat dysfunc cervic reg, which can be elaborated as Nonallopathic lesions, cervical region. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Ext version-assist deliv, which can be elaborated as External version assisting delivery.

For the icd9_code 7392, diagnoses is Somat dysfunc thorac reg, which can be elaborated as Nonallopathic lesions, thoracic region. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Replace prolapsed cord, which can be elaborated as Replacement of prolapsed umbilical cord.

For the icd9_code 7393, diagnoses is Somat dysfunc lumbar reg, which can be elaborated as Nonallopathic lesions, lumbar region. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Incis cx to assist deliv, which can be elaborated as Incision of cervix to assist delivery.

For the icd9_code 7394, diagnoses is Somat dysfunc sacral reg, which can be elaborated as Nonallopathic lesions, sacral region. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Pubiotomy to assist del, which can be elaborated as Pubiotomy to assist delivery.

For the icd9_code 7937, diagnoses is Nonsp abn find-ms system, which can be elaborated as Nonspecific (abnormal) findings on radiological and other examination of musculoskeletal system. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Op red-int fix metat/tar, which can be elaborated as Open reduction of fracture with internal fixation, tarsals and metatarsals.

For the icd9_code 7942, diagnoses is Abn pulmonary func study, which can be elaborated as Nonspecific abnormal results of pulmonary function study. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Cls red-radius/ul epiphy, which can be elaborated as Closed reduction of separated epiphysis, radius and ulna.

For the icd9_code 7945, diagnoses is Abn thyroid funct study, which can be elaborated as Nonspecific abnormal results of function study of thyroid. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Close reduc-femur epiphy, which can be elaborated as Closed reduction of separated epiphysis, femur.

For the icd9_code 7946, diagnoses is Abn endocrine study NEC, which can be elaborated as Nonspecific abnormal results of other endocrine function study. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Cls red-tibia/fib epiphy, which can be elaborated as Closed reduction of separated epiphysis, tibia and fibula.

For the icd9_code 9199, diagnoses is Superfic inj NEC-infect, which can be elaborated as Other and unspecified superficial injury of other, multiple, and unspecified sites, infected. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Micro exam NOS, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of specimen from unspecified site, other microscopic examination.

For the icd9_code 920, diagnoses is Contusion face/scalp/nck, which can be elaborated as Contusion of face, scalp, and neck except eye(s). The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Exc lacrimal gland NOS, which can be elaborated as Excision of lacrimal gland, not otherwise specified.

For the icd9_code 9211, diagnoses is Contusion periocular, which can be elaborated as Contusion of eyelids and periocular area. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Cerebral scan, which can be elaborated as Cerebral scan.

For the icd9_code 9212, diagnoses is Contusion orbital tissue, which can be elaborated as Contusion of orbital tissues. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Head scan NEC, which can be elaborated as Scan of other sites of head.

For the icd9_code 9213, diagnoses is Contusion of eyeball, which can be elaborated as Contusion of eyeball. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Parathyroid scan, which can be elaborated as Parathyroid scan.

For the icd9_code 9219, diagnoses is Contusion of eye NOS, which can be elaborated as Unspecified contusion of eye. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Scan of other sites, which can be elaborated as Scan of other sites.

For the icd9_code 9220, diagnoses is Contusion of breast, which can be elaborated as Contusion of breast. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Inf liquid brachy isotop, which can be elaborated as Infusion of liquid brachytherapy radioisotope.

For the icd9_code 9221, diagnoses is Contusion of chest wall, which can be elaborated as Contusion of chest wall. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Superficial radiation, which can be elaborated as Superficial radiation.

For the icd9_code 9222, diagnoses is Contusion abdominal wall, which can be elaborated as Contusion of abdominal wall. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Orthovoltage radiation, which can be elaborated as Orthovoltage radiation.

For the icd9_code 9224, diagnoses is Contusion genital organs, which can be elaborated as Contusion of genital organs. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Teleradio using photons, which can be elaborated as Teleradiotherapy using photons.

For the icd9_code 9228, diagnoses is Multiple contusion trunk, which can be elaborated as Contusion of multiple sites of trunk. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Isotope inject/instill, which can be elaborated as Injection or instillation of radioisotopes.

For the icd9_code 9229, diagnoses is Contusion trunk NOS, which can be elaborated as Contusion of unspecified part of trunk. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Radiotherapeut proc NEC, which can be elaborated as Other radiotherapeutic procedure.

For the icd9_code 8729, diagnoses is Open wound ear NOS-compl, which can be elaborated as Open wound of ear, part unspecified, complicated. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Spinal x-ray NEC, which can be elaborated as Other x-ray of spine.

For the icd9_code 8731, diagnoses is Open wound scalp-compl, which can be elaborated as Open wound of scalp, complicated. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Endotracheal bronchogram, which can be elaborated as Endotracheal bronchogram.

For the icd9_code 7949, diagnoses is Abn function study NEC, which can be elaborated as Nonspecific abnormal results of other specified function study. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Cls reduc-sep epiphy NEC, which can be elaborated as Closed reduction of separated epiphysis, other specified bone.

For the icd9_code 7952, diagnoses is Abn chromosomal analysis, which can be elaborated as Nonspecific abnormal findings on chromosomal analysis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Op red-radius/uln epiphy, which can be elaborated as Open reduction of separated epiphysis, radius and ulna.

For the icd9_code 9029, diagnoses is Inj abdominal vessel NOS, which can be elaborated as Injury to unspecified blood vessel of abdomen and pelvis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Micro exam-eye NEC, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of specimen from eye, other microscopic examination.

For the icd9_code 9031, diagnoses is Injury brachial vessels, which can be elaborated as Injury to brachial blood vessels. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Bact smear-ent/larynx, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of specimen from ear, nose, throat, and larynx, bacterial smear.

For the icd9_code 9032, diagnoses is Injury radial vessels, which can be elaborated as Injury to radial blood vessels. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Culture-ent/larynx, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of specimen from ear, nose, throat, and larynx, culture.

For the icd9_code 9033, diagnoses is Injury ulnar vessels, which can be elaborated as Injury to ulnar blood vessels. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is C & s-ent/larynx, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of specimen from ear, nose, throat, and larynx, culture and sensitivity.

For the icd9_code 9034, diagnoses is Injury palmar artery, which can be elaborated as Injury to palmar artery. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Parasitology-ent/larynx, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of specimen from ear, nose, throat, and larynx, parasitology.

For the icd9_code 9035, diagnoses is Injury finger vessels, which can be elaborated as Injury to digital blood vessels. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Toxicology-ent/larynx, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of specimen from ear, nose, throat, and larynx, toxicology.

For the icd9_code 9039, diagnoses is Injury arm vessel NOS, which can be elaborated as Injury to unspecified blood vessel of upper extremity. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Micro exam-ent/laryn NEC, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of specimen from ear, nose, throat, and larynx, other microscopic examination.

For the icd9_code 9041, diagnoses is Inj superfic femoral art, which can be elaborated as Injury to superficial femoral artery. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Bact smear-lower resp, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of specimen from trachea, bronchus, pleura, lung, and other thoracic specimen, and of sputum, bacterial smear.

For the icd9_code 9042, diagnoses is Injury femoral vein, which can be elaborated as Injury to femoral veins. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Culture-lower resp, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of specimen from trachea, bronchus, pleura, lung, and other thoracic specimen, and of sputum, culture.

For the icd9_code 9043, diagnoses is Injury saphenous vein, which can be elaborated as Injury to saphenous veins. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is C & s-lower resp, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of specimen from trachea, bronchus, pleura, lung, and other thoracic specimen, and of sputum, culture and sensitivity.

For the icd9_code 9046, diagnoses is Inj deep plantar vessel, which can be elaborated as Injury to deep plantar blood vessels. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Cell block/pap-lowr resp, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of specimen from trachea, bronchus, pleura, lung, and other thoracic specimen, and of sputum, cell block and Papanicolaou smear.

For the icd9_code 9049, diagnoses is Blood vessel injury NOS, which can be elaborated as Injury to blood vessels of unspecified site. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Micro exam-lowr resp NEC, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of specimen from trachea, bronchus, pleura, lung, and other thoracic specimen, and of sputum, other microscopic examination.

For the icd9_code 9649, diagnoses is Poisoning-blood agt NOS, which can be elaborated as Poisoning by unspecified agent affecting blood constituents. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Other gu instillation, which can be elaborated as Other genitourinary instillation.

For the icd9_code 9651, diagnoses is Poisoning-salicylates, which can be elaborated as Poisoning by salicylates. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Irrigation of eye, which can be elaborated as Irrigation of eye.

For the icd9_code 9654, diagnoses is Pois-arom analgesics NEC, which can be elaborated as Poisoning by aromatic analgesics, not elsewhere classified. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Dental scaling & debride, which can be elaborated as Dental scaling, polishing, and debridement.

For the icd9_code 9655, diagnoses is Poisoning-pyrazole deriv, which can be elaborated as Poisoning by pyrazole derivatives. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Tracheostomy toilette, which can be elaborated as Tracheostomy toilette.

For the icd9_code 9657, diagnoses is Pois-no-narc analges NEC, which can be elaborated as Poisoning by other non-narcotic analgesics. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Vascular cath irrigation, which can be elaborated as Irrigation of vascular catheter.

For the icd9_code 9658, diagnoses is Pois-analges/antipyr NEC, which can be elaborated as Poisoning by other specified analgesics and antipyretics. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Wound catheter irrigat, which can be elaborated as Irrigation of wound catheter.

For the icd9_code 9659, diagnoses is Pois-analges/antipyr NOS, which can be elaborated as Poisoning by unspecified analgesic and antipyretic. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Wound irrigation NEC, which can be elaborated as Other irrigation of wound.

For the icd9_code 9670, diagnoses is Poisoning-barbiturates, which can be elaborated as Poisoning by barbiturates. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Con inv mec ven-unsp dur, which can be elaborated as Continuous invasive mechanical ventilation of unspecified duration.

For the icd9_code 9671, diagnoses is Poisoning-chloral hydrat, which can be elaborated as Poisoning by chloral hydrate group. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Cont inv mec ven <96 hrs, which can be elaborated as Continuous invasive mechanical ventilation for less than 96 consecutive hours.

For the icd9_code 9672, diagnoses is Poisoning-paraldehyde, which can be elaborated as Poisoning by paraldehyde. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Cont inv mec ven 96+ hrs, which can be elaborated as Continuous invasive mechanical ventilation for 96 consecutive hours or more.

For the icd9_code 9233, diagnoses is Contusion of finger, which can be elaborated as Contusion of finger. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Particulate radiosurgery, which can be elaborated as Particulate radiosurgery.

For the icd9_code 9239, diagnoses is Contusion upper limb NOS, which can be elaborated as Contusion of unspecified part of upper limb. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Stereo radiosurgery NEC, which can be elaborated as Stereotactic radiosurgery, not elsewhere classified.

For the icd9_code 9957, diagnoses is Adverse food react NEC, which can be elaborated as Other adverse food reactions, not elsewhere classified. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Botulism antitoxin admin, which can be elaborated as Administration of botulism antitoxin.

For the icd9_code 9961, diagnoses is Malfunc vasc device/graf, which can be elaborated as Mechanical complication of other vascular device, implant, and graft. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Atrial cardioversion, which can be elaborated as Atrial cardioversion.

For the icd9_code 9962, diagnoses is Malfun neuro device/graf, which can be elaborated as Mechanical complication of nervous system device, implant, and graft. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Heart countershock NEC, which can be elaborated as Other electric countershock of heart.

For the icd9_code 9701, diagnoses is Poison-opiate antagonist, which can be elaborated as Poisoning by opiate antagonists. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Replace gast/esoph tube, which can be elaborated as Replacement of (naso-)gastric or esophagostomy tube.

For the icd9_code 8690, diagnoses is Internal inj NOS-closed, which can be elaborated as Internal injury to unspecified or ill-defined organs without mention of open wound into cavity. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Ext fat for grft/banking, which can be elaborated as Extraction of fat for graft or banking.

For the icd9_code 8691, diagnoses is Internal injury NOS-open, which can be elaborated as Internal injury to unspecified or ill-defined organs with open wound into cavity. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Skin excision for graft, which can be elaborated as Excision of skin for graft.

For the icd9_code 8701, diagnoses is Full-thicknes lac eyelid, which can be elaborated as Laceration of eyelid, full-thickness, not involving lacrimal passages. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Pneumoencephalogram, which can be elaborated as Pneumoencephalogram.

For the icd9_code 8702, diagnoses is Lac eyelid inv lacrm pas, which can be elaborated as Laceration of eyelid involving lacrimal passages. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Brain/skull contrst xray, which can be elaborated as Other contrast radiogram of brain and skull.

For the icd9_code 8703, diagnoses is Penetr wnd orbit w/o FB, which can be elaborated as Penetrating wound of orbit, without mention of foreign body. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is C.A.T. scan of head, which can be elaborated as Computerized axial tomography of head.

For the icd9_code 8704, diagnoses is Penetrat wnd orbit w FB, which can be elaborated as Penetrating wound of orbit with foreign body. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Head tomography NEC, which can be elaborated as Other tomography of head.

For the icd9_code 8708, diagnoses is Opn wnd ocular adnex NEC, which can be elaborated as Other specified open wounds of ocular adnexa. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Cervical lymphangiogram, which can be elaborated as Cervical lymphangiogram.

For the icd9_code 8709, diagnoses is Opn wnd ocular adnex NOS, which can be elaborated as Unspecified open wound of ocular adnexa. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Head soft tiss x-ray NEC, which can be elaborated as Other soft tissue x-ray of face, head, and neck.

For the icd9_code 8711, diagnoses is Ocular lacera w prolapse, which can be elaborated as Ocular laceration with prolapse or exposure of intraocular tissue. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Full-mouth x-ray, which can be elaborated as Full-mouth x-ray of teeth.

For the icd9_code 8712, diagnoses is Rupture eye w tissu loss, which can be elaborated as Rupture of eye with partial loss of intraocular tissue. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Dental x-ray NEC, which can be elaborated as Other dental x-ray.

For the icd9_code 8713, diagnoses is Avulsion of eye, which can be elaborated as Avulsion of eye. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Tm contrast arthrogram, which can be elaborated as Temporomandibular contrast arthrogram.

For the icd9_code 8714, diagnoses is Laceration of eye NOS, which can be elaborated as Unspecified laceration of eye. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Contrast x-ray of orbit, which can be elaborated as Contrast radiogram of orbit.

For the icd9_code 8715, diagnoses is Penetrat magnet FB eye, which can be elaborated as Penetration of eyeball with magnetic foreign body. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Contrast x-ray of sinus, which can be elaborated as Contrast radiogram of sinus.

For the icd9_code 8716, diagnoses is Penetrat FB NEC eye, which can be elaborated as Penetration of eyeball with (nonmagnetic) foreign body. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Facial bone x-ray NEC, which can be elaborated as Other x-ray of facial bones.

For the icd9_code 8717, diagnoses is Ocular penetration NOS, which can be elaborated as Unspecified ocular penetration. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Skull x-ray NEC, which can be elaborated as Other x-ray of skull.

For the icd9_code 7399, diagnoses is Somatic dysfunction NEC, which can be elaborated as Nonallopathic lesions, abdomen and other sites. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Ops assisting deliv NEC, which can be elaborated as Other operations assisting delivery.

For the icd9_code 7231, diagnoses is Cervicalgia, which can be elaborated as Cervicalgia. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is High forceps w episiot, which can be elaborated as High forceps operation with episiotomy.

For the icd9_code 7812, diagnoses is Abnormality of gait, which can be elaborated as Abnormality of gait. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Applic ext fix-humerus, which can be elaborated as Application of external fixator device, humerus.

For the icd9_code 7813, diagnoses is Lack of coordination, which can be elaborated as Lack of coordination. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Appl ext fix-radius/ulna, which can be elaborated as Application of external fixator device, radius and ulna.

For the icd9_code 7814, diagnoses is Transient limb paralysis, which can be elaborated as Transient paralysis of limb. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Appl ext fix-metacar/car, which can be elaborated as Application of external fixator device, carpals and metacarpals.

For the icd9_code 7815, diagnoses is Clubbing of fingers, which can be elaborated as Clubbing of fingers. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Applic ext fix dev-femur, which can be elaborated as Application of external fixator device, femur.

For the icd9_code 7816, diagnoses is Meningismus, which can be elaborated as Meningismus. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Appl ext fix dev-patella, which can be elaborated as Application of external fixator device, patella.

For the icd9_code 7817, diagnoses is Tetany, which can be elaborated as Tetany. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Appl ext fix-tib/fibula, which can be elaborated as Application of external fixator device, tibia and fibula.

For the icd9_code 7818, diagnoses is Neurologic neglect syndr, which can be elaborated as Neurologic neglect syndrome. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Appl ext fix-metatar/tar, which can be elaborated as Application of external fixator device, tarsals and metatarsals.

For the icd9_code 7820, diagnoses is Skin sensation disturb, which can be elaborated as Disturbance of skin sensation. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Limb shorten proc NOS, which can be elaborated as Limb shortening procedures, unspecified site.

For the icd9_code 7822, diagnoses is Local suprficial swellng, which can be elaborated as Localized superficial swelling, mass, or lump. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Limb short proc-humerus, which can be elaborated as Limb shortening procedures, humerus.

For the icd9_code 7823, diagnoses is Edema, which can be elaborated as Edema. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Limb shorten-radius/ulna, which can be elaborated as Limb shortening procedures, radius and ulna.

For the icd9_code 7824, diagnoses is Jaundice NOS, which can be elaborated as Jaundice, unspecified, not of newborn. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Limb shorten-metacar/car, which can be elaborated as Limb shortening procedures, carpals and metacarpals.

For the icd9_code 7825, diagnoses is Cyanosis, which can be elaborated as Cyanosis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Limb short proc-femur, which can be elaborated as Limb shortening procedures, femur.

For the icd9_code 7827, diagnoses is Spontaneous ecchymoses, which can be elaborated as Spontaneous ecchymoses. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Limb shorten-tib/fibula, which can be elaborated as Limb shortening procedures, tibia and fibula.

For the icd9_code 7828, diagnoses is Changes in skin texture, which can be elaborated as Changes in skin texture. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Limb shorten-metatar/tar, which can be elaborated as Limb shortening procedures, tarsals and metatarsals.

For the icd9_code 7829, diagnoses is Integument tiss symp NEC, which can be elaborated as Other symptoms involving skin and integumentary tissues. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Limb shorten proc NEC, which can be elaborated as Limb shortening procedures, other bones.

For the icd9_code 7830, diagnoses is Anorexia, which can be elaborated as Anorexia. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Limb lengthen proc NOS, which can be elaborated as Limb lengthening procedures, unspecified site.

For the icd9_code 7833, diagnoses is Feeding problem, which can be elaborated as Feeding difficulties and mismanagement. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Limb length-radius/ulna, which can be elaborated as Limb lengthening procedures, radius and ulna.

For the icd9_code 7835, diagnoses is Polydipsia, which can be elaborated as Polydipsia. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Limb length proc-femur, which can be elaborated as Limb lengthening procedures, femur.

For the icd9_code 7837, diagnoses is Failure to thrive-adult, which can be elaborated as Adult failure to thrive. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Limb lengthen-tib/fibula, which can be elaborated as Limb lengthening procedures, tibia and fibula.

For the icd9_code 7839, diagnoses is Nutr/metab/devel sym NEC, which can be elaborated as Other symptoms concerning nutrition, metabolism, and development. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Limb lengthen proc NEC, which can be elaborated as Limb lengthening procedures, other bones.

For the icd9_code 7840, diagnoses is Headache, which can be elaborated as Headache. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Oth bone repair/plast op, which can be elaborated as Other repair or plastic operations on bone, unspecified site.

For the icd9_code 7841, diagnoses is Throat pain, which can be elaborated as Throat pain. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Oth chest cage rep/plast, which can be elaborated as Other repair or plastic operations on bone, scapula, clavicle, and thorax [ribs and sternum].

For the icd9_code 7842, diagnoses is Swelling in head & neck, which can be elaborated as Swelling, mass, or lump in head and neck. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Oth humerus repair/plast, which can be elaborated as Other repair or plastic operations on bone, humerus.

For the icd9_code 7843, diagnoses is Aphasia, which can be elaborated as Aphasia. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Oth rad/uln repair/plast, which can be elaborated as Other repair or plastic operations on bone, radius and ulna.

For the icd9_code 8781, diagnoses is Open wound penis-compl, which can be elaborated as Open wound of penis, complicated. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is X-ray of gravid uterus, which can be elaborated as X-ray of gravid uterus.

For the icd9_code 8782, diagnoses is Opn wound scrotum/testes, which can be elaborated as Open wound of scrotum and testes, without mention of complication. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Gas hysterosalpingogram, which can be elaborated as Gas contrast hysterosalpingogram.

For the icd9_code 8783, diagnoses is Opn wnd scrot/test-compl, which can be elaborated as Open wound of scrotum and testes, complicated. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Dye hysterosalpingogram, which can be elaborated as Opaque dye contrast hysterosalpingogram.

For the icd9_code 8784, diagnoses is Open wound of vulva, which can be elaborated as Open wound of vulva, without mention of complication. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Percutaneous hysterogram, which can be elaborated as Percutaneous hysterogram.

For the icd9_code 8785, diagnoses is Open wound vulva-compl, which can be elaborated as Open wound of vulva, complicated. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Tube & uterus x-ray NEC, which can be elaborated as Other x-ray of fallopian tubes and uterus.

For the icd9_code 8789, diagnoses is Opn wnd genital NEC-comp, which can be elaborated as Open wound of other and unspecified parts of genital organs (external), complicated. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Female genital x-ray NEC, which can be elaborated as Other x-ray of female genital organs.

For the icd9_code 8791, diagnoses is Open wound breast-compl, which can be elaborated as Open wound of breast, complicated. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Contr semin vesiculogram, which can be elaborated as Contrast seminal vesiculogram.

For the icd9_code 8792, diagnoses is Opn wnd anterior abdomen, which can be elaborated as Open wound of abdominal wall, anterior, without mention of complication. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Prostat/sem ves xray NEC, which can be elaborated as Other x-ray of prostate and seminal vesicles.

For the icd9_code 8793, diagnoses is Opn wnd ant abdomen-comp, which can be elaborated as Open wound of abdominal wall, anterior, complicated. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Contrast epididymogram, which can be elaborated as Contrast epididymogram.

For the icd9_code 9051, diagnoses is Late eff spine/trunk fx, which can be elaborated as Late effect of fracture of spine and trunk without mention of spinal cord lesion. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Bact smear-blood, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of blood, bacterial smear.

For the icd9_code 9052, diagnoses is Late effect arm fx, which can be elaborated as Late effect of fracture of upper extremities. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Culture-blood, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of blood, culture.

For the icd9_code 9053, diagnoses is Late eff femoral neck fx, which can be elaborated as Late effect of fracture of neck of femur. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is C & s-blood, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of blood, culture and sensitivity.

For the icd9_code 9054, diagnoses is Late effect leg fx, which can be elaborated as Late effect of fracture of lower extremities. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Parasitology-blood, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of blood, parasitology.

For the icd9_code 9055, diagnoses is Late effect fracture NEC, which can be elaborated as Late effect of fracture of multiple and unspecified bones. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Toxicology-blood, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of blood, toxicology.

For the icd9_code 9056, diagnoses is Late effect dislocation, which can be elaborated as Late effect of dislocation. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Cell block/pap-blood, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of blood, cell block and Papanicolaou smear.

For the icd9_code 9059, diagnoses is Late eff traumat amputat, which can be elaborated as Late effect of traumatic amputation. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Micro exam-blood NEC, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of blood, other microscopic examination.

For the icd9_code 9061, diagnoses is Late eff open wnd extrem, which can be elaborated as Late effect of open wound of extremities without mention of tendon injury. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Bact smear-spleen/marrow, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of specimen from spleen and of bone marrow, bacterial smear.

For the icd9_code 9062, diagnoses is Late eff superficial inj, which can be elaborated as Late effect of superficial injury. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Culture-spleen/marrow, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of specimen from spleen and of bone marrow, culture.

For the icd9_code 9063, diagnoses is Late effect of contusion, which can be elaborated as Late effect of contusion. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is C & s-spleen/marrow, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of specimen from spleen and of bone marrow, culture and sensitivity.

For the icd9_code 9064, diagnoses is Late effect of crushing, which can be elaborated as Late effect of crushing. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Parasitol-spleen/marrow, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of specimen from spleen and of bone marrow, parasitology.

For the icd9_code 9065, diagnoses is Late eff head/neck burn, which can be elaborated as Late effect of burn of eye, face, head, and neck. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Toxicology-spleen/marrow, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of specimen from spleen and of bone marrow, toxicology.

For the icd9_code 9066, diagnoses is Late eff wrist/hand burn, which can be elaborated as Late effect of burn of wrist and hand. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Cell blk/pap-spleen/marr, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of specimen from spleen and of bone marrow, cell block and Papanicolaou smear.

For the icd9_code 9069, diagnoses is Late effect of burn NOS, which can be elaborated as Late effect of burn of unspecified site. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Micro exam-spln/marr NEC, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of specimen from spleen and of bone marrow, other microscopic examination.

For the icd9_code 9071, diagnoses is Late eff cran nerve inj, which can be elaborated as Late effect of injury to cranial nerve. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Bact smear-lymph system, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of specimen from lymph node and of lymph, bacterial smear.

For the icd9_code 9072, diagnoses is Late eff spinal cord inj, which can be elaborated as Late effect of spinal cord injury. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Culture-lymph system, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of specimen from lymph node and of lymph, culture.

For the icd9_code 9073, diagnoses is Lt eff nerv inj trnk NEC, which can be elaborated as Late effect of injury to nerve root(s), spinal plexus(es), and other nerves of trunk. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is C & s-lymph system, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of specimen from lymph node and of lymph, culture and sensitivity.

For the icd9_code 9074, diagnoses is Lt eff nerv inj shld/arm, which can be elaborated as Late effect of injury to peripheral nerve of shoulder girdle and upper limb. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Parasitology-lymph sys, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of specimen from lymph node and of lymph, parasitology.

For the icd9_code 9075, diagnoses is Lt eff nerv inj pelv/leg, which can be elaborated as Late effect of injury to peripheral nerve of pelvic girdle and lower limb. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Toxicology-lymph system, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of specimen from lymph node and of lymph, toxicology.

For the icd9_code 9079, diagnoses is Late eff nerve inj NEC, which can be elaborated as Late effect of injury to other and unspecified nerve. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Micro exam-lymph sys NEC, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of specimen from lymph node and of lymph, other microscopic examination.

For the icd9_code 9081, diagnoses is Late eff int inj abdomen, which can be elaborated as Late effect of internal injury to intra-abdominal organs. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Bact smear-upper GI, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of specimen from upper gastrointestinal tract and of vomitus, bacterial smear.

For the icd9_code 9082, diagnoses is Late eff int injury NEC, which can be elaborated as Late effect of internal injury to other internal organs. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Culture-upper GI, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of specimen from upper gastrointestinal tract and of vomitus, culture.

For the icd9_code 9083, diagnoses is Late eff inj periph vess, which can be elaborated as Late effect of injury to blood vessel of head, neck, and extremities. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is C & s-upper GI, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of specimen from upper gastrointestinal tract and of vomitus, culture and sensitivity.

For the icd9_code 9084, diagnoses is Lt eff inj thor/abd vess, which can be elaborated as Late effect of injury to blood vessel of thorax, abdomen, and pelvis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Parasitology-upper GI, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of specimen from upper gastrointestinal tract and of vomitus, parasitology.

For the icd9_code 9085, diagnoses is Late eff FB in orifice, which can be elaborated as Late effect of foreign body in orifice. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Toxicology-upper GI, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of specimen from upper gastrointestinal tract and of vomitus, toxicology.

For the icd9_code 9086, diagnoses is Late eff complic trauma, which can be elaborated as Late effect of certain complications of trauma. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Cell blk/pap-upper GI, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of specimen from upper gastrointestinal tract and of vomitus, cell block and Papanicolaou smear.

For the icd9_code 9089, diagnoses is Late effect injury NOS, which can be elaborated as Late effect of unspecified injury. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Micro exam-upper GI NEC, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of specimen from upper gastrointestinal tract and of vomitus, other microscopic examination.

For the icd9_code 9091, diagnoses is Late eff nonmed substanc, which can be elaborated as Late effect of toxic effects of nonmedical substances. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Bact smear-lower GI, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of specimen from lower gastrointestinal tract and of stool, bacterial smear.

For the icd9_code 9092, diagnoses is Late effect of radiation, which can be elaborated as Late effect of radiation. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Culture-lower GI, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of specimen from lower gastrointestinal tract and of stool, culture.

For the icd9_code 9711, diagnoses is Pois-parasympatholytics, which can be elaborated as Poisoning by parasympatholytics (anticholinergics and antimuscarinics) and spasmolytics. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Replace upper limb cast, which can be elaborated as Replacement of cast on upper limb.

For the icd9_code 9712, diagnoses is Poison-sympathomimetics, which can be elaborated as Poisoning by sympathomimetics [adrenergics]. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Replace lower limb cast, which can be elaborated as Replacement of cast on lower limb.

For the icd9_code 9713, diagnoses is Poisoning-sympatholytics, which can be elaborated as Poisoning by sympatholytics [antiadrenergics]. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Replace cast NEC, which can be elaborated as Replacement of other cast.

For the icd9_code 9721, diagnoses is Poisoning-cardiotonics, which can be elaborated as Poisoning by cardiotonic glycosides and drugs of similar action. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Replace nasal packing, which can be elaborated as Replacement of nasal packing.

For the icd9_code 9722, diagnoses is Poisoning-antilipemics, which can be elaborated as Poisoning by antilipemic and antiarteriosclerotic drugs. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Replace dental packing, which can be elaborated as Replacement of dental packing.

For the icd9_code 9723, diagnoses is Pois-ganglion block agt, which can be elaborated as Poisoning by ganglion-blocking agents. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Replace trach tube, which can be elaborated as Replacement of tracheostomy tube.

For the icd9_code 9724, diagnoses is Pois-coronary vasodilat, which can be elaborated as Poisoning by coronary vasodilators. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Replace vag diaphragm, which can be elaborated as Replacement and refitting of vaginal diaphragm.

For the icd9_code 9725, diagnoses is Poison-vasodilator NEC, which can be elaborated as Poisoning by other vasodilators. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Replace vaginal pessary, which can be elaborated as Replacement of other vaginal pessary.

For the icd9_code 9726, diagnoses is Pois-antihyperten agent, which can be elaborated as Poisoning by other antihypertensive agents. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Replace vag/vulv packing, which can be elaborated as Replacement of vaginal or vulvar packing or drain.

For the icd9_code 9729, diagnoses is Pois-cardiovasc agt NEC, which can be elaborated as Poisoning by other and unspecified agents primarily affecting the cardiovascular system. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Non-op replacement NEC, which can be elaborated as Other nonoperative replacements.

For the icd9_code 9731, diagnoses is Pois-irritant cathartics, which can be elaborated as Poisoning by irritant cathartics. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Remove eye prosthesis, which can be elaborated as Removal of eye prosthesis.

For the icd9_code 9732, diagnoses is Pois-emollient cathartic, which can be elaborated as Poisoning by emollient cathartics. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Remove nasal packing, which can be elaborated as Removal of nasal packing.

For the icd9_code 9733, diagnoses is Poisoning-cathartic NEC, which can be elaborated as Poisoning by other cathartics, including intestinal atonia. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Remove dental wiring, which can be elaborated as Removal of dental wiring.

For the icd9_code 9734, diagnoses is Poisoning-digestants, which can be elaborated as Poisoning by digestants. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Remove dental packing, which can be elaborated as Removal of dental packing.

For the icd9_code 9735, diagnoses is Poisoning-antidiarrh agt, which can be elaborated as Poisoning by antidiarrheal drugs. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Remove dental prosthesis, which can be elaborated as Removal of dental prosthesis.

For the icd9_code 9736, diagnoses is Poisoning-emetics, which can be elaborated as Poisoning by emetics. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Remove ext mand fix dev, which can be elaborated as Removal of other external mandibular fixation device.

For the icd9_code 9738, diagnoses is Poisoning-gi agents NEC, which can be elaborated as Poisoning by other specified agents primarily affecting the gastrointestinal system. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Remove head/neck sutures, which can be elaborated as Removal of sutures from head and neck.

For the icd9_code 9739, diagnoses is Poisoning-gi agent NOS, which can be elaborated as Poisoning by unspecified agent primarily affecting the gastrointestinal system. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Remove head/neck dev NEC, which can be elaborated as Removal of other therapeutic device from head and neck.

For the icd9_code 9741, diagnoses is Pois-purine diuretics, which can be elaborated as Poisoning by purine derivative diuretics. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Remov thoracotomy tube, which can be elaborated as Removal of thoracotomy tube or pleural cavity drain.

For the icd9_code 9742, diagnoses is Pois-h2co3 anhydra inhib, which can be elaborated as Poisoning by carbonic acid anhydrase inhibitors. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Remov mediastinal drain, which can be elaborated as Removal of mediastinal drain.

For the icd9_code 9743, diagnoses is Poisoning-saluretics, which can be elaborated as Poisoning by saluretics. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Remov thorax sutures, which can be elaborated as Removal of sutures from thorax.

For the icd9_code 9744, diagnoses is Poisoning-diuretics NEC, which can be elaborated as Poisoning by other diuretics. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Nonop remov hrt asst sys, which can be elaborated as Nonoperative removal of heart assist system.

For the icd9_code 9751, diagnoses is Pois-smooth muscle relax, which can be elaborated as Poisoning by smooth muscle relaxants. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Remov gastrostomy tube, which can be elaborated as Removal of gastrostomy tube.

For the icd9_code 9752, diagnoses is Pois-skelet muscle relax, which can be elaborated as Poisoning by skeletal muscle relaxants. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Remov small bowel tube, which can be elaborated as Removal of tube from small intestine.

For the icd9_code 9753, diagnoses is Poison-muscle agent NEC, which can be elaborated as Poisoning by other and unspecified drugs acting on muscles. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Remov large bowel tube, which can be elaborated as Removal of tube from large intestine or appendix.

For the icd9_code 9754, diagnoses is Poisoning-antitussives, which can be elaborated as Poisoning by antitussives. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Remov cholecystost tube, which can be elaborated as Removal of cholecystostomy tube.

For the icd9_code 9301, diagnoses is FB in conjunctival sac, which can be elaborated as Foreign body in conjunctival sac. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Functional pt evaluation, which can be elaborated as Functional evaluation.

For the icd9_code 9302, diagnoses is FB in lacrimal punctum, which can be elaborated as Foreign body in lacrimal punctum. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Orthotic evaluation, which can be elaborated as Orthotic evaluation.

For the icd9_code 9308, diagnoses is Foreign bdy ext eye NEC, which can be elaborated as Foreign body in other and combined sites on external eye. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Electromyography, which can be elaborated as Electromyography.

For the icd9_code 9309, diagnoses is Foreign bdy ext eye NOS, which can be elaborated as Foreign body in unspecified site on external eye. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Other dx pt procedure, which can be elaborated as Other diagnostic physical therapy procedure.

For the icd9_code 9331, diagnoses is Foreign body in larynx, which can be elaborated as Foreign body in larynx. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Assisted pool exercise, which can be elaborated as Assisted exercise in pool.

For the icd9_code 9341, diagnoses is Foreign body bronchus, which can be elaborated as Foreign body in main bronchus. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Spine tract w skull dev, which can be elaborated as Spinal traction using skull device.

For the icd9_code 9351, diagnoses is Foreign body esophagus, which can be elaborated as Foreign body in esophagus. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Plaster jacket applicat, which can be elaborated as Application of plaster jacket.

For the icd9_code 9352, diagnoses is Foreign body in stomach, which can be elaborated as Foreign body in stomach. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Neck support application, which can be elaborated as Application of neck support.

For the icd9_code 9971, diagnoses is Surg compl-heart, which can be elaborated as Cardiac complications, not elsewhere classified. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Therapeu plasmapheresis, which can be elaborated as Therapeutic plasmapheresis.

For the icd9_code 9972, diagnoses is Surg comp-peri vasc syst, which can be elaborated as Peripheral vascular complications, not elsewhere classified. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Therapeutc leukopheresis, which can be elaborated as Therapeutic leukopheresis.

For the icd9_code 9975, diagnoses is Surg compl-urinary tract, which can be elaborated as Urinary complications, not elsewhere classified. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Adm neuroprotective agnt, which can be elaborated as Administration of neuroprotective agent.

For the icd9_code 9982, diagnoses is Accidental op laceration, which can be elaborated as Accidental puncture or laceration during a procedure, not elsewhere classified. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Ultraviolet light therap, which can be elaborated as Ultraviolet light therapy.

For the icd9_code 9984, diagnoses is FB left during procedure, which can be elaborated as Foreign body accidentally left during a procedure. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Isolation, which can be elaborated as Isolation.

For the icd9_code 9986, diagnoses is Persist postop fistula, which can be elaborated as Persistent postoperative fistula. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Non-invasive bone stimul, which can be elaborated as Non-invasive placement of bone growth stimulator.

For the icd9_code 7847, diagnoses is Epistaxis, which can be elaborated as Epistaxis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Oth tib/fib repair/plast, which can be elaborated as Other repair or plastic operations on bone, tibia and fibula.

For the icd9_code 7848, diagnoses is Hemorrhage from throat, which can be elaborated as Hemorrhage from throat. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Oth meta/tar repa/plast, which can be elaborated as Other repair or plastic operations on bone, tarsals and metatarsals.

For the icd9_code 7850, diagnoses is Tachycardia NOS, which can be elaborated as Tachycardia, unspecified. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Int fix w/o fx reduc NOS, which can be elaborated as Internal fixation of bone without fracture reduction, unspecified site.

For the icd9_code 7851, diagnoses is Palpitations, which can be elaborated as Palpitations. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Int fixation-chest cage, which can be elaborated as Internal fixation of bone without fracture reduction, scapula, clavicle, and thorax [ribs and sternum].

For the icd9_code 8052, diagnoses is Fx dorsal vertebra-close, which can be elaborated as Closed fracture of dorsal [thoracic] vertebra without mention of spinal cord injury. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Chemonucleolysis iv disc, which can be elaborated as Intervertebral chemonucleolysis.

For the icd9_code 8053, diagnoses is Fx dorsal vertebra-open, which can be elaborated as Open fracture of dorsal [thoracic] vertebra without mention of spinal cord injury. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Rep anulus fibrosus-grft, which can be elaborated as Repair of the anulus fibrosus with graft or prosthesis.

For the icd9_code 8054, diagnoses is Fx lumbar vertebra-close, which can be elaborated as Closed fracture of lumbar vertebra without mention of spinal cord injury. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Rep anuls fibros NEC/NOS, which can be elaborated as Other and unspecified repair of the anulus fibrosus.

For the icd9_code 8794, diagnoses is Opn wnd lateral abdomen, which can be elaborated as Open wound of abdominal wall, lateral, without mention of complication. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Contrast vasogram, which can be elaborated as Contrast vasogram.

For the icd9_code 8795, diagnoses is Opn wnd lat abdomen-comp, which can be elaborated as Open wound of abdominal wall, lateral, complicated. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Epididymis/vas x-ray NEC, which can be elaborated as Other x-ray of epididymis and vas deferens.

For the icd9_code 8799, diagnoses is Opn wound site NOS-compl, which can be elaborated as Open wound(s) (multiple) of unspecified site(s), complicated. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Male genital x-ray NEC, which can be elaborated as Other x-ray of male genital organs.

For the icd9_code 8821, diagnoses is Opn wound hand-complicat, which can be elaborated as Open wound of hand except finger(s) alone, complicated. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Skl xray-shoulder/up arm, which can be elaborated as Skeletal x-ray of shoulder and upper arm.

For the icd9_code 8822, diagnoses is Open wound hand w tendon, which can be elaborated as Open wound of hand except finger(s) alone, with tendon involvement. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Skel xray-elbow/forearm, which can be elaborated as Skeletal x-ray of elbow and forearm.

For the icd9_code 9461, diagnoses is 1st deg burn mult site, which can be elaborated as Erythema [first degree] of multiple specified sites. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Alcohol rehabilitation, which can be elaborated as Alcohol rehabilitation.

For the icd9_code 9462, diagnoses is 2nd deg burn mult site, which can be elaborated as Blisters, epidermal loss [second degree] of multiple specified sites. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Alcohol detoxification, which can be elaborated as Alcohol detoxification.

For the icd9_code 9463, diagnoses is 3rd deg burn mult site, which can be elaborated as Full-thickness skin loss [third degree NOS] of multiple specified sites. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Alcohol rehab/detox, which can be elaborated as Alcohol rehabilitation and detoxification.

For the icd9_code 9464, diagnoses is Deep 3 deg brn mult site, which can be elaborated as Deep necrosis of underlying tissues [deep third degree] without mention of loss of a body part, of multiple specified sites. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Drug rehabilitation, which can be elaborated as Drug rehabilitation.

For the icd9_code 9465, diagnoses is 3rd brn w loss-mult site, which can be elaborated as Deep necrosis of underlying tissues [deep third degree] with loss of a body part, of multiple specified sites. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Drug detoxification, which can be elaborated as Drug detoxification.

For the icd9_code 9755, diagnoses is Poisoning-expectorants, which can be elaborated as Poisoning by expectorants. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Remov biliary/liver tube, which can be elaborated as Removal of T-tube, other bile duct tube, or liver tube.

For the icd9_code 9756, diagnoses is Pois-anti-cold drugs, which can be elaborated as Poisoning by anti-common cold drugs. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Remov pancreatic tube, which can be elaborated as Removal of pancreatic tube or drain.

For the icd9_code 9761, diagnoses is Poisoning-antipruritics, which can be elaborated as Poisoning by antipruritics. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Remov pyelos/nephros tub, which can be elaborated as Removal of pyelostomy and nephrostomy tube.

For the icd9_code 9762, diagnoses is Pois-loc astring/deterg, which can be elaborated as Poisoning by local astringents and local detergents. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Remov ureteral drain, which can be elaborated as Removal of ureterostomy tube and ureteral catheter.

For the icd9_code 9763, diagnoses is Pois-emol/demul/protect, which can be elaborated as Poisoning by emollients, demulcents, and protectants. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Remov cystostomy tube, which can be elaborated as Removal of cystostomy tube.

For the icd9_code 9764, diagnoses is Poison-hair/scalp prep, which can be elaborated as Poisoning by keratolytics, keratoplastics, other hair treatment drugs and preparations. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Remov urin drainage NEC, which can be elaborated as Removal of other urinary drainage device.

For the icd9_code 9991, diagnoses is Air embol comp med care, which can be elaborated as Air embolism as a complication of medical care, not elsewhere classified. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Anesthesia acupuncture, which can be elaborated as Acupuncture for anesthesia.

For the icd9_code 7239, diagnoses is Neck disorder/sympt NOS, which can be elaborated as Unspecified musculoskeletal disorders and symptoms referable to neck. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is High forceps op NEC, which can be elaborated as Other high forceps operation.

For the icd9_code 9093, diagnoses is Late eff surg/med compl, which can be elaborated as Late effect of complications of surgical and medical care. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is C & s-lower GI, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of specimen from lower gastrointestinal tract and of stool, culture and sensitivity.

For the icd9_code 9390, diagnoses is FB bladder & urethra, which can be elaborated as Foreign body in bladder and urethra. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Non-invasive mech vent, which can be elaborated as Non-invasive mechanical ventilation.

For the icd9_code 9391, diagnoses is Foreign body uterus, which can be elaborated as Foreign body in uterus, any part. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Ippb, which can be elaborated as Intermittent positive pressure breathing [IPPB].

For the icd9_code 9393, diagnoses is Foreign body penis, which can be elaborated as Foreign body in penis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Nonmechan resuscitation, which can be elaborated as Nonmechanical methods of resuscitation.

For the icd9_code 7271, diagnoses is Bunion, which can be elaborated as Bunion. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Vacuum ext del w episiot, which can be elaborated as Vacuum extraction with episiotomy.

For the icd9_code 7852, diagnoses is Cardiac murmurs NEC, which can be elaborated as Undiagnosed cardiac murmurs. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Int fixation-humerus, which can be elaborated as Internal fixation of bone without fracture reduction, humerus.

For the icd9_code 7853, diagnoses is Abnorm heart sounds NEC, which can be elaborated as Other abnormal heart sounds. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Int fixation-radius/ulna, which can be elaborated as Internal fixation of bone without fracture reduction, radius and ulna.

For the icd9_code 7854, diagnoses is Gangrene, which can be elaborated as Gangrene. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Int fixation-metacar/car, which can be elaborated as Internal fixation of bone without fracture reduction, carpals and metacarpals.

For the icd9_code 7856, diagnoses is Enlargement lymph nodes, which can be elaborated as Enlargement of lymph nodes. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Internal fix-patella, which can be elaborated as Internal fixation of bone without fracture reduction, patella.

For the icd9_code 7859, diagnoses is Cardiovas sys symp NEC, which can be elaborated as Other symptoms involving cardiovascular system. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Int fix-no fx reduct NEC, which can be elaborated as Internal fixation of bone without fracture reduction, other bones.

For the icd9_code 7861, diagnoses is Stridor, which can be elaborated as Stridor. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Remov imp dev-chest cage, which can be elaborated as Removal of implanted devices from bone, scapula, clavicle, and thorax [ribs and sternum].

For the icd9_code 7862, diagnoses is Cough, which can be elaborated as Cough. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Remove impl dev-humerus, which can be elaborated as Removal of implanted devices from bone, humerus.

For the icd9_code 7864, diagnoses is Abnormal sputum, which can be elaborated as Abnormal sputum. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Remov imp dev-metac/carp, which can be elaborated as Removal of implanted devices from bone, carpals and metacarpals.

For the icd9_code 7866, diagnoses is Chest swelling/mass/lump, which can be elaborated as Swelling, mass, or lump in chest. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Remov imp device-patella, which can be elaborated as Removal of implanted devices from bone, patella.

For the icd9_code 7867, diagnoses is Abnormal chest sounds, which can be elaborated as Abnormal chest sounds. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Remov imp dev-tib/fibula, which can be elaborated as Removal of implanted devices from bone, tibia and fibula.

For the icd9_code 7868, diagnoses is Hiccough, which can be elaborated as Hiccough. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Remove imp dev-metat/tar, which can be elaborated as Removal of implanted devices from bone, tarsals and metatarsals.

For the icd9_code 7869, diagnoses is Resp sys/chest symp NEC, which can be elaborated as Other symptoms involving respiratory system and chest. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Remove impl device NEC, which can be elaborated as Removal of implanted devices from bone, other bones.

For the icd9_code 7871, diagnoses is Heartburn, which can be elaborated as Heartburn. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Osteoclasis-chest cage, which can be elaborated as Osteoclasis, scapula, clavicle, and thorax [ribs and sternum].

For the icd9_code 9094, diagnoses is Late eff cert ext cause, which can be elaborated as Late effect of certain other external causes. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Parasitology-lower GI, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of specimen from lower gastrointestinal tract and of stool, parasitology.

For the icd9_code 9095, diagnoses is Lte efct advrs efct drug, which can be elaborated as Late effect of adverse effect of drug, medicinal or biological substance. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Toxicology-lower GI, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of specimen from lower gastrointestinal tract and of stool, toxicology.

For the icd9_code 9099, diagnoses is Late eff exter cause NEC, which can be elaborated as Late effect of other and unspecified external causes. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Micro exam-lower GI NEC, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of specimen from lower gastrointestinal tract and of stool, other microscopic examination.

For the icd9_code 9101, diagnoses is Abrasion head-infected, which can be elaborated as Abrasion or friction burn of face, neck, and scalp except eye, infected. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Bact smear-bili/pancreas, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of specimen from liver, biliary tract, and pancreas, bacterial smear.

For the icd9_code 9102, diagnoses is Blister head, which can be elaborated as Blister of face, neck, and scalp except eye, without mention of infection. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Culture-bili/pancreas, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of specimen from liver, biliary tract, and pancreas, culture.

For the icd9_code 9103, diagnoses is Blister head-infected, which can be elaborated as Blister of face, neck, and scalp except eye, infected. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is C & s-bili/pancreas, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of specimen from liver, biliary tract, and pancreas, culture and sensitivity.

For the icd9_code 9104, diagnoses is Insect bite head, which can be elaborated as Insect bite, nonvenomous of face, neck, and scalp except eye, without mention of infection. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Parasitology-bili/pancr, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of specimen from liver, biliary tract, and pancreas, parasitology.

For the icd9_code 9105, diagnoses is Insect bite head-infect, which can be elaborated as Insect bite, nonvenomous of face, neck, and scalp except eye, infected. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Toxicology-bili/pancreas, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of specimen from liver, biliary tract, and pancreas, toxicology.

For the icd9_code 9106, diagnoses is Foreign body head, which can be elaborated as Superficial foreign body (splinter) of face, neck, and scalp except eye, without major open wound and without mention of infection. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Cell blk/pap-bili/pancre, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of specimen from liver, biliary tract, and pancreas, cell block and Papanicolaou smear.

For the icd9_code 9109, diagnoses is Superf inj head NEC-inf, which can be elaborated as Other and unspecified superficial injury of face, neck, and scalp, infected. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Micro exam-bili/panc NEC, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of specimen from liver, biliary tract, and pancreas, other microscopic examination.

For the icd9_code 9111, diagnoses is Abrasion trunk-infected, which can be elaborated as Abrasion or friction burn of trunk, infected. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Bact smear-peritoneum, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of peritoneal and retroperitoneal specimen, bacterial smear.

For the icd9_code 9112, diagnoses is Blister trunk, which can be elaborated as Blister of trunk, without mention of infection. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Culture-peritoneum, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of peritoneal and retroperitoneal specimen, culture.

For the icd9_code 9113, diagnoses is Blister trunk-infected, which can be elaborated as Blister of trunk, infected. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is C & s-peritoneum, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of peritoneal and retroperitoneal specimen, culture and sensitivity.

For the icd9_code 9114, diagnoses is Insect bite trunk, which can be elaborated as Insect bite, nonvenomous of trunk, without mention of infection. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Parasitology-peritoneum, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of peritoneal and retroperitoneal specimen, parasitology.

For the icd9_code 9115, diagnoses is Insect bite trunk-infec, which can be elaborated as Insect bite, nonvenomous of trunk, infected. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Toxicology-peritoneum, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of peritoneal and retroperitoneal specimen, toxicology.

For the icd9_code 9116, diagnoses is Foreign body trunk, which can be elaborated as Superficial foreign body (splinter) of trunk, without major open wound and without mention of infection. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Cell blk/pap-peritoneum, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of peritoneal and retroperitoneal specimen, cell block and Papanicolaou smear.

For the icd9_code 9119, diagnoses is Superf inj trnk NEC-inf, which can be elaborated as Other and unspecified superficial injury of trunk, infected. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Micro exam-periton NEC, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of peritoneal and retroperitoneal specimen, other microscopic examination.

For the icd9_code 9121, diagnoses is Abrasion shldr/arm-infec, which can be elaborated as Abrasion or friction burn of shoulder and upper arm, infected. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Bact smear-upper urinary, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of specimen from kidney, ureter, perirenal and periureteral tissue, bacterial smear.

For the icd9_code 9122, diagnoses is Blister shoulder & arm, which can be elaborated as Blister of shoulder and upper arm, without mention of infection. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Culture-upper urinary, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of specimen from kidney, ureter, perirenal and periureteral tissue, culture.

For the icd9_code 9123, diagnoses is Blister shoulder/arm-inf, which can be elaborated as Blister of shoulder and upper arm, infected. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is C & s-upper urinary, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of specimen from kidney, ureter, perirenal and periureteral tissue, culture and sensitivity.

For the icd9_code 9124, diagnoses is Insect bite shoulder/arm, which can be elaborated as Insect bite, nonvenomous of shoulder and upper arm, without mention of infection. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Parasitology-upper urin, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of specimen from kidney, ureter, perirenal and periureteral tissue, parasitology.

For the icd9_code 9125, diagnoses is Insect bite shld/arm-inf, which can be elaborated as Insect bite, nonvenomous of shoulder and upper arm, infected. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Toxicology-upper urinary, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of specimen from kidney, ureter, perirenal and periureteral tissue, toxicology.

For the icd9_code 9126, diagnoses is Foreign body shouldr/arm, which can be elaborated as Superficial foreign body (splinter) of shoulder and upper arm, without major open wound and without mention of infection. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Cell blk/pap-upper urin, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of specimen from kidney, ureter, perirenal and periureteral tissue, cell block and Papanicolaou smear.

For the icd9_code 9765, diagnoses is Pois-eye anti-infec/drug, which can be elaborated as Poisoning by eye anti-infectives and other eye drugs. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Remov urethral stent, which can be elaborated as Removal of urethral stent.

For the icd9_code 9769, diagnoses is Pois-skin/membr agnt NOS, which can be elaborated as Poisoning by unspecified agent primarily affecting skin and mucous membrane. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Remov other urin device, which can be elaborated as Removal of other device from urinary system.

For the icd9_code 9771, diagnoses is Poison-lipotropic drugs, which can be elaborated as Poisoning by lipotropic drugs. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Removal iud, which can be elaborated as Removal of intrauterine contraceptive device.

For the icd9_code 9772, diagnoses is Poisoning-antidotes NEC, which can be elaborated as Poisoning by antidotes and chelating agents, not elsewhere classified. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Remov intrauterine pack, which can be elaborated as Removal of intrauterine pack.

For the icd9_code 9773, diagnoses is Poison-alcohol deterrent, which can be elaborated as Poisoning by alcohol deterrents. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Remov vaginal diaphragm, which can be elaborated as Removal of vaginal diaphragm.

For the icd9_code 9774, diagnoses is Pois-pharmaceut excipien, which can be elaborated as Poisoning by pharmaceutical excipients. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Removal oth vag pessary, which can be elaborated as Removal of other vaginal pessary.

For the icd9_code 9779, diagnoses is Poison-medicinal agt NOS, which can be elaborated as Poisoning by unspecified drug or medicinal substance. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Remov other genit device, which can be elaborated as Removal of other device from genital tract.

For the icd9_code 9781, diagnoses is Pois-typh/paratyph vacc, which can be elaborated as Poisoning by typhoid and paratyphoid vaccine. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Remov retroperiton drain, which can be elaborated as Removal of retroperitoneal drainage device.

For the icd9_code 9782, diagnoses is Poisoning-cholera vaccin, which can be elaborated as Poisoning by cholera vaccine. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Remov peritoneal drain, which can be elaborated as Removal of peritoneal drainage device.

For the icd9_code 9783, diagnoses is Poisoning-plague vaccine, which can be elaborated as Poisoning by plague vaccine. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Remov abdom wall suture, which can be elaborated as Removal of abdominal wall sutures.

For the icd9_code 9784, diagnoses is Poisoning-tetanus vaccin, which can be elaborated as Poisoning by tetanus vaccine. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Remov trunk suture NEC, which can be elaborated as Removal of sutures from trunk, not elsewhere classified.

For the icd9_code 9785, diagnoses is Pois-diphtheria vaccine, which can be elaborated as Poisoning by diphtheria vaccine. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Remov trunk packing NEC, which can be elaborated as Removal of packing from trunk, not elsewhere classified.

For the icd9_code 9786, diagnoses is Pois-pertussis vaccine, which can be elaborated as Poisoning by pertussis vaccine, including combinations with a pertussis component. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Remov abdomen device NEC, which can be elaborated as Removal of other device from abdomen.

For the icd9_code 9788, diagnoses is Pois-bact vaccin NEC/NOS, which can be elaborated as Poisoning by other and unspecified bacterial vaccines. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Remov ext immobilization, which can be elaborated as Removal of external immobilization device.

For the icd9_code 9789, diagnoses is Pois-mix bacter vaccines, which can be elaborated as Poisoning by mixed bacterial vaccines, except combinations with a pertussis component. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Remov therapeut dev NEC, which can be elaborated as Removal of other therapeutic device.

For the icd9_code 9801, diagnoses is Toxic eff methyl alcohol, which can be elaborated as Toxic effect of methyl alcohol. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Remov intralum mouth FB, which can be elaborated as Removal of intraluminal foreign body from mouth without incision.

For the icd9_code 9802, diagnoses is Toxic eff isopropyl alc, which can be elaborated as Toxic effect of isopropyl alcohol. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Remov intralum esoph FB, which can be elaborated as Removal of intraluminal foreign body from esophagus without incision.

For the icd9_code 9803, diagnoses is Toxic effect fusel oil, which can be elaborated as Toxic effect of fusel oil. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Remov intralum gastr FB, which can be elaborated as Removal of intraluminal foreign body from stomach and small intestine without incision.

For the icd9_code 981, diagnoses is Toxic eff petroleum prod, which can be elaborated as Toxic effect of petroleum products. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Dacryocystorhinostomy, which can be elaborated as Dacryocystorhinostomy [DCR].

For the icd9_code 9820, diagnoses is Toxic effect benzene, which can be elaborated as Toxic effect of benzene and homologues. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Removal of FB NOS, which can be elaborated as Removal of foreign body, not otherwise specified.

For the icd9_code 9821, diagnoses is Toxic eff carbon tetrach, which can be elaborated as Toxic effect of carbon tetrachloride. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Removal superfic FB eye, which can be elaborated as Removal of superficial foreign body from eye without incision.

For the icd9_code 9822, diagnoses is Toxic eff carbon disulfi, which can be elaborated as Toxic effect of carbon disulfide. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Removal head/neck FB, which can be elaborated as Removal of other foreign body without incision from head and neck.

For the icd9_code 9823, diagnoses is Tx ef cl-hydcarb slv NEC, which can be elaborated as Toxic effect of other chlorinated hydrocarbon solvents. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Removal vulvar FB, which can be elaborated as Removal of foreign body from vulva without incision.

For the icd9_code 9399, diagnoses is Foreign bdy gu tract NOS, which can be elaborated as Foreign body in unspecified site in genitourinary tract. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Other resp procedures, which can be elaborated as Other respiratory procedures.

For the icd9_code 9401, diagnoses is Burn periocular area NEC, which can be elaborated as Other burns of eyelids and periocular area. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Intelligence test admin, which can be elaborated as Administration of intelligence test.

For the icd9_code 9402, diagnoses is Alkal burn cornea/conjun, which can be elaborated as Alkaline chemical burn of cornea and conjunctival sac. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Psychologic test adminis, which can be elaborated as Administration of psychologic test.

For the icd9_code 9403, diagnoses is Acid burn cornea/conjunc, which can be elaborated as Acid chemical burn of cornea and conjunctival sac. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Character analysis, which can be elaborated as Character analysis.

For the icd9_code 9409, diagnoses is Burn eye & adnexa NOS, which can be elaborated as Unspecified burn of eye and adnexa. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Psychol mental stat NOS, which can be elaborated as Psychologic mental status determination, not otherwise specified.

For the icd9_code 9992, diagnoses is Vasc comp med care NEC, which can be elaborated as Other vascular complications of medical care, not elsewhere classified. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Other acupuncture, which can be elaborated as Other acupuncture.

For the icd9_code 7873, diagnoses is Flatul/eructat/gas pain, which can be elaborated as Flatulence, eructation, and gas pain. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Osteoclasis-radius/ulna, which can be elaborated as Osteoclasis, radius and ulna.

For the icd9_code 7874, diagnoses is Visible peristalsis, which can be elaborated as Visible peristalsis. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Osteoclasis-metacar/car, which can be elaborated as Osteoclasis, carpals and metacarpals.

For the icd9_code 7875, diagnoses is Abnormal bowel sounds, which can be elaborated as Abnormal bowel sounds. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Osteoclasis-femur, which can be elaborated as Osteoclasis, femur.

For the icd9_code 7877, diagnoses is Abnormal feces, which can be elaborated as Abnormal feces. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Osteoclasis-tibia/fibula, which can be elaborated as Osteoclasis, tibia and fibula.

For the icd9_code 7880, diagnoses is Renal colic, which can be elaborated as Renal colic. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Other bone dx proc NOS, which can be elaborated as Diagnostic procedures on bone, not elsewhere classified, unspecified site.

For the icd9_code 7881, diagnoses is Dysuria, which can be elaborated as Dysuria. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Oth dx proced-chest cage, which can be elaborated as Diagnostic procedures on bone, not elsewhere classified, scapula, clavicle, and thorax [ribs and sternum].

For the icd9_code 8059, diagnoses is Vertebral fx NOS-open, which can be elaborated as Open fracture of unspecified vertebral column without mention of spinal cord injury. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Oth exc/dest intvrt disc, which can be elaborated as Other destruction of intervertebral disc.

For the icd9_code 8831, diagnoses is Open wound finger-compl, which can be elaborated as Open wound of finger(s), complicated. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Skeletal series x-ray, which can be elaborated as Skeletal series.

For the icd9_code 8832, diagnoses is Open wnd finger w tendon, which can be elaborated as Open wound of finger(s), with tendon involvement. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Contrast arthrogram, which can be elaborated as Contrast arthrogram.

For the icd9_code 8840, diagnoses is Open wound arm mult/NOS, which can be elaborated as Multiple and unspecified open wound of upper limb, without mention of complication. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Contrast arteriogram NOS, which can be elaborated as Arteriography using contrast material, unspecified site.

For the icd9_code 8841, diagnoses is Open wound arm NOS-compl, which can be elaborated as Multiple and unspecified open wound of upper limb, complicated. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Contr cerebr arteriogram, which can be elaborated as Arteriography of cerebral arteries.

For the icd9_code 8842, diagnoses is Opn wnd arm NOS w tendon, which can be elaborated as Multiple and unspecified open wound of upper limb, with tendon involvement. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Contrast aortogram, which can be elaborated as Aortography.

For the icd9_code 8850, diagnoses is Amputation thumb, which can be elaborated as Traumatic amputation of thumb (complete)(partial), without mention of complication. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Angiocardiography NOS, which can be elaborated as Angiocardiography, not otherwise specified.

For the icd9_code 8851, diagnoses is Amputation thumb-compl, which can be elaborated as Traumatic amputation of thumb (complete)(partial), complicated. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Vena cav angiocardiogram, which can be elaborated as Angiocardiography of venae cavae.

For the icd9_code 8860, diagnoses is Amputation finger, which can be elaborated as Traumatic amputation of other finger(s) (complete) (partial), without mention of complication. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Contrast phlebogram NOS, which can be elaborated as Phlebography using contrast material, unspecified site.

For the icd9_code 8861, diagnoses is Amputation finger-compl, which can be elaborated as Traumatic amputation of other finger(s) (complete) (partial), complicated. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Contr phlebogram-hd/neck, which can be elaborated as Phlebography of veins of head and neck using contrast material.

For the icd9_code 8871, diagnoses is Amp below elb, unil-comp, which can be elaborated as Traumatic amputation of arm and hand (complete) (partial), unilateral, below elbow, complicated. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Dx ultrasound-head/neck, which can be elaborated as Diagnostic ultrasound of head and neck.

For the icd9_code 8872, diagnoses is Amput abv elbow, unilat, which can be elaborated as Traumatic amputation of arm and hand (complete) (partial), unilateral, at or above elbow, without mention of complication. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Dx ultrasound-heart, which can be elaborated as Diagnostic ultrasound of heart.

For the icd9_code 8873, diagnoses is Amput abv elb, unil-comp, which can be elaborated as Traumatic amputation of arm and hand (complete) (partial), unilateral, at or above elbow, complicated. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Dx ultrasound-thorax NEC, which can be elaborated as Diagnostic ultrasound of other sites of thorax.

For the icd9_code 8874, diagnoses is Amputat arm, unilat NOS, which can be elaborated as Traumatic amputation of arm and hand (complete) (partial), unilateral, level not specified, without mention of complication. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Dx ultrasound-digestive, which can be elaborated as Diagnostic ultrasound of digestive system.

For the icd9_code 8875, diagnoses is Amput arm, unil NOS-comp, which can be elaborated as Traumatic amputation of arm and hand (complete) (partial), unilateral, level not specified, complicated. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Dx ultrasound-urinary, which can be elaborated as Diagnostic ultrasound of urinary system.

For the icd9_code 8876, diagnoses is Amputation arm, bilat, which can be elaborated as Traumatic amputation of arm and hand (complete) (partial), bilateral [any level], without mention of complication. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Dx ultrasound-abdomen, which can be elaborated as Diagnostic ultrasound of abdomen and retroperitoneum.

For the icd9_code 8877, diagnoses is Amputat arm, bilat-compl, which can be elaborated as Traumatic amputation of arm and hand (complete) (partial), bilateral [any level], complicated. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Dx ultrasound-vascular, which can be elaborated as Diagnostic ultrasound of peripheral vascular system.

For the icd9_code 9501, diagnoses is Injury to optic chiasm, which can be elaborated as Injury to optic chiasm. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Limited eye examination, which can be elaborated as Limited eye examination.

For the icd9_code 9502, diagnoses is Injury to optic pathways, which can be elaborated as Injury to optic pathways. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Comprehensive eye exam, which can be elaborated as Comprehensive eye examination.

For the icd9_code 9503, diagnoses is Injury to visual cortex, which can be elaborated as Injury to visual cortex. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Extended ophthal work-up, which can be elaborated as Extended ophthalmologic work-up.

For the icd9_code 9509, diagnoses is Inj optic nerv/path NOS, which can be elaborated as Injury to unspecified optic nerve and pathways. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Eye examination NOS, which can be elaborated as Eye examination, not otherwise specified.

For the icd9_code 9511, diagnoses is Injury trochlear nerve, which can be elaborated as Injury to trochlear nerve. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Fundus photography, which can be elaborated as Fundus photography.

For the icd9_code 9512, diagnoses is Injury trigeminal nerve, which can be elaborated as Injury to trigeminal nerve. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Eye fluorescein angiogra, which can be elaborated as Fluorescein angiography or angioscopy of eye.

For the icd9_code 9999, diagnoses is Complic med care NEC/NOS, which can be elaborated as Other and unspecified complications of medical care, not elsewhere classified. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Miscellaneous proc NEC, which can be elaborated as Other miscellaneous procedures.

For the icd9_code 7279, diagnoses is Synov/tend/bursa dis NOS, which can be elaborated as Unspecified disorder of synovium, tendon, and bursa. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Vacuum extract del NEC, which can be elaborated as Other vacuum extraction.

For the icd9_code 9513, diagnoses is Injury abducens nerve, which can be elaborated as Injury to abducens nerve. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Ultrasound study of eye, which can be elaborated as Ultrasound study of eye.

For the icd9_code 9514, diagnoses is Injury to facial nerve, which can be elaborated as Injury to facial nerve. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is X-ray study of eye, which can be elaborated as X-ray study of eye.

For the icd9_code 9515, diagnoses is Injury to acoustic nerve, which can be elaborated as Injury to acoustic nerve. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Ocular motility study, which can be elaborated as Ocular motility study.

For the icd9_code 9516, diagnoses is Injury accessory nerve, which can be elaborated as Injury to accessory nerve. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is P32 & eye tracer NEC, which can be elaborated as P32 and other tracer studies of eye.

For the icd9_code 9129, diagnoses is Superf inj shldr NEC-inf, which can be elaborated as Other and unspecified superficial injury of shoulder and upper arm, infected. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Micro exam-uppr urin NEC, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of specimen from kidney, ureter, perirenal and periureteral tissue, other microscopic examination.

For the icd9_code 9131, diagnoses is Abrasion forearm-infect, which can be elaborated as Abrasion or friction burn of elbow, forearm, and wrist, infected. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Bact smear-lower urinary, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of specimen from bladder, urethra, prostate, seminal vesicle, perivesical tissue, and of urine and semen, bacterial smear.

For the icd9_code 9132, diagnoses is Blister forearm, which can be elaborated as Blister of elbow, forearm, and wrist, without mention of infection. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Culture-lower urinary, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of specimen from bladder, urethra, prostate, seminal vesicle, perivesical tissue, and of urine and semen, culture.

For the icd9_code 9133, diagnoses is Blister forearm-infected, which can be elaborated as Blister of elbow, forearm, and wrist, infected. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is C & s-lower urinary, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of specimen from bladder, urethra, prostate, seminal vesicle, perivesical tissue, and of urine and semen, culture and sensitivity.

For the icd9_code 9134, diagnoses is Insect bite forearm, which can be elaborated as Insect bite, nonvenomous of elbow, forearm, and wrist, without mention of infection. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Parasitlolgy-lower urin, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of specimen from bladder, urethra, prostate, seminal vesicle, perivesical tissue, and of urine and semen, parasitology.

For the icd9_code 9135, diagnoses is Insect bite forearm-inf, which can be elaborated as Insect bite, nonvenomous, of elbow, forearm, and wrist, infected. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Toxicology-lower urinary, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of specimen from bladder, urethra, prostate, seminal vesicle, perivesical tissue, and of urine and semen, toxicology.

For the icd9_code 9136, diagnoses is Foreign body forearm, which can be elaborated as Superficial foreign body (splinter) of elbow, forearm, and wrist, without major open wound and without mention of infection. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Cell blk/pap-lower urin, which can be elaborated as Microscopic examination of specimen from bladder, urethra, prostate, seminal vesicle, perivesical tissue, and of urine and semen, cell block and Papanicolaou smear.

For the icd9_code 8621, diagnoses is Diaphragm injury-open, which can be elaborated as Injury to diaphragm, with open wound into cavity. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Excision of pilonid cyst, which can be elaborated as Excision of pilonidal cyst or sinus.

For the icd9_code 8628, diagnoses is Intrathoracic inj NOS-cl, which can be elaborated as Injury to multiple and unspecified intrathoracic organs, without mention of open wound into cavity. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Nonexcis debridement wnd, which can be elaborated as Nonexcisional debridement of wound, infection or burn.

For the icd9_code 7885, diagnoses is Oliguria & anuria, which can be elaborated as Oliguria and anuria. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Oth dx proced-femur, which can be elaborated as Diagnostic procedures on bone, not elsewhere classified, femur.

For the icd9_code 7887, diagnoses is Urethral discharge, which can be elaborated as Urethral discharge. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Oth dx proc-tibia/fibula, which can be elaborated as Diagnostic procedures on bone, not elsewhere classified, tibia and fibula.

For the icd9_code 7888, diagnoses is Extravasation of urine, which can be elaborated as Extravasation of urine. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Oth dx proc-metatar/tar, which can be elaborated as Diagnostic procedures on bone, not elsewhere classified, tarsals and metatarsals.

For the icd9_code 8738, diagnoses is Open wound of head NEC, which can be elaborated as Other and unspecified open wound of head without mention of complication. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Chest wall sinogram, which can be elaborated as Sinogram of chest wall.

For the icd9_code 8739, diagnoses is Open wnd head NEC-compl, which can be elaborated as Other and unspecified open wound of head, complicated. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Thorax sft tiss xray NEC, which can be elaborated as Other soft tissue x-ray of chest wall.

For the icd9_code 8742, diagnoses is Open wound thyroid gland, which can be elaborated as Open wound of thyroid gland, without mention of complication. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Thoracic tomography NEC, which can be elaborated as Other tomography of thorax.

For the icd9_code 8743, diagnoses is Open wound thyroid-compl, which can be elaborated as Open wound of thyroid gland, complicated. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Rib/sternum/clavic x-ray, which can be elaborated as X-ray of ribs, sternum, and clavicle.

For the icd9_code 8744, diagnoses is Open wound of pharynx, which can be elaborated as Open wound of pharynx, without mention of complication. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Routine chest x-ray, which can be elaborated as Routine chest x-ray, so described.

For the icd9_code 8749, diagnoses is Opn wound neck NEC-compl, which can be elaborated as Open wound of other and unspecified parts of neck, complicated. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Chest x-ray NEC, which can be elaborated as Other chest x-ray.

For the icd9_code 8751, diagnoses is Open wound chest-compl, which can be elaborated as Open wound of chest (wall), complicated. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Perc hepat Cholangiogram, which can be elaborated as Percutaneous hepatic cholangiogram.

For the icd9_code 8761, diagnoses is Open wound back-compl, which can be elaborated as Open wound of back, complicated. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is Barium swallow, which can be elaborated as Barium swallow.

For the icd9_code 8771, diagnoses is Open wound buttock-compl, which can be elaborated as Open wound of buttock, complicated. The corresponding procedure required to be done after this diagnoses is C.A.T. scan of kidney, which can be elaborated as Computerized axial tomography of kidney.

